---
created: 2023-08-21 17:54:39
updated: 2023-08-21 17:54:41
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec88-92
---
# 【填空】Sec88-92

## section 88 hard

1. Many Latin American writers and critics have come to [[bristle]] at the very mention of the type of fiction termed “magic realism,” but to the common reader the appeal of such fiction is <u>______</u>.

A. [[elusive]]
B. undiminished
C. unfathomable
D. unexpected
E. derivative

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> Shirky argues that the Internet (i)<u>______</u> the needs for hierarchical structures and the sluggish organizations that (ii)<u>______</u> them: the Internet makes it possible to do things cheaply and efficiently on one’s own.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. delineates|D. circumvent|
|B. obviates|E. perpetuate|
|C. redoubles|F. undervalue|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Not only is the field of behavioral genetics [[strew]]n with (i)<u>______</u> findings, but even among those findings that managed to survive, many have turned out to be (ii)<u>______</u> a very restricted class of cases.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. convergent|D. refuted by|
|B. disparate|E. germane to|
|C. [[repudiate]]d|F. subordinate to|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The prime minister’s spokesman faces a difficult task in defending his boss from what he sees as the (i)<u>______</u> of a decidedly prejudiced press. To make his defense effectively he will certainly have to give specific examples of the media coverage he finds so (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. overwrought panegyrics|D. objectionable|
|B. lowly calumnies|E. confusing|
|C. justified fulminations|F. unexciting|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> However luminous an insight might seem initially, brilliance is not a reliable predictor of (i)<u>______</u>, and sure enough the history of physical chemistry is replete with theories that were as (ii)<u>______</u> as any but that (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. popularity|D. opaque|G. slowly developed|
|B. originality|E. ingenious|H. eventually collapsed|
|C. validity|F. useful|I. ultimately prevailed|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Many historians of the ancient world are wary of sounding (i)<u>______</u>. Write so much as a sentence and the temptation is immediately to (ii)<u>______</u>it. Even in cases when the sources for a given event are (iii)<u>______</u>, uncertainties and discrepancies crop up everywhere.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. fusty|D. recapitulate|G. consistent|
|B. anachronistic|E. forswear|H. plentiful|
|C. dogmatic|F. qualify|I. biased|

7. Governments are often willing to pay the direct costs of preparing for emergencies that may never happen: they make room in their budgets to prepare for <u>______</u> but unlikely events.

A. plausible
B. anticipated
C. dangerous
D. conceivable
E. foreseen
F. unimaginable

8. Sports stars are often <u>______</u> figures, regarded as representative of the city or country for which they compete.

A. totemic
B. iconoclastic
C. protean
D. idealized
E. irreverent
F. emblematic

9. The life of a secret agent is dangerous enough, but the life of a double agent is infinitely more <u>______</u>: a single slip can send an agent crashing to destruction.

A. arduous
B. precarious
C. clandestine
D. [[perilous]]
E. covert
F. exhilarating

10. The writer’s assignment of the critic includes personal <u>______</u> such as jibes about his physical girth and style of delivery, and is not the better for it.

A. aspersions
B. commendations
C. falsehoods
D. fantasies
E. whims
F. [[slur]]s

time: 13'24''

## section 89 hard

1. Paintings created in India during the Mughal dynasty were<u>______</u>in ambition but ornamental in presentation: in one direction they have an affinity with newspaper photographs, while in the other they have the intricacy of jewels.

A. metaphorical
B. documentary
C. aesthetic
D. sectarian
E. baroque

2. It remains a mystery how Theobroma cacao, which scholars believe originated in lowland Amazonia, was introduced to tropical Mesoamerica. It must have been a (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> process: cacao trees do not easily sprout from seed, need years to mature, and grow only in humid lowland forest. Moreover, in a tropical climate, cacao pods spoil quickly, rendering their transport from lowland Amazonia tropical Mesoamerica in a single journey by foot or canoe (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. clandestine|D. unlikely|
|B. protracted|E. [[redundant]]|
|C. spontaneous|F. [[expeditious]]|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> To the [[avid]] reader of E.O. Wilson, much of his most recent book _Consilience_: The Unity of Knowledge will be (i)<u>______</u>, as the book represents the [[culmination]] of a life spent thinking about everything from the social lives of ants to the social lives of people. Nonetheless, new thoughts have been mixed in with the old to produce a book remarkable for its (ii)<u>______</u> and ambition.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. predictable|D. purview|
|B. discounted|E. overreaching|
|C. startling|F. contingency|

4. Until the advent of film, commercial entertainment in England occurred only where concentrated urban populations provided audiences large enough to make it remunerative: theaters and music halls were (i)<u>______</u> in rural villages. But village cinemas quickly become (ii)<u>______</u>, even though they were ramshackle affairs in comparison to the urban picture palaces.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. spartan|D. commonplace|
|B. unconceivable|E. sophisticated|
|C. profitable|F. unfashionable|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> His new role gives the normally clownish actor a chance to impress audiences with his (i)<u>______</u>. He is among the most uninhibited comic performers around, but here he buttons his lip and stares straight ahead. Perhaps without quite knowing it, the audience waits for a wink, a hint that some of the (ii)<u>______</u> spirit that animated his previous movies might be lurking inside the (iii)<u>______</u> manner he presents in this film.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. raillery|D. madcap|G. facetious|
|B. effusiveness|E. lugubrious|H. reserved|
|C. forbearance|F. edifying|I. beguiling|

6. Some climatologists dismiss as (i)<u>______</u>the debate among geophysicists over the role of carbon dioxide in global climate change across many millions of years. These climatologists say the evidence of a tie between carbon dioxide and planetary warming over the last few centuries is so (ii)<u>______</u>that any longer-term evidence against such a link must somehow be (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unavoidable|D. unlikely|G. tainted|
|B. irrelevant|E. controversial|H. accommodated|
|C. undecidable|F. compelling|I. reinforced|

7. A priori mathematics, according to Galileo, does not <u>______</u> the need for observation, but mathematics does allow us to deduce unobservable properties and thus to penetrate further into the structure of nature than observation does.

A. address
B. acknowledge
C. [[obviate]]
D. [[diminish]]
E. displace
F. appreciate

8. One of the peculiarities of humans is that we irrationally gravitate to the predictable and avoid risk, whatever the reasons for this <u>______</u>, it is hardly a sound basis for dealing with complex, long- term problems.

A. eccentricity
B. [[predilection]]
C. vacillation
D. proclivity
E. wavering
F. cowardice

9. An abundance of nutrient-rich pollution in estuaries causes algae to <u>______</u>, much as houseplants grow better when their soil contains added fertilizer.

A. abound
B. proliferate
C. stagnate
D. coalesce
E. collect
F. diversify

10. The stories of silent drama may often have been <u>______</u>; yet, within those broad outlines, the true artists among silent-film actors could express shadings that had no immediate analogue in language.

A. implausible
B. incredible
C. conventional
D. elemental
E. rudimentary
F. confusing

time: 11'59''

## section 90 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> He defended the government’s equivocations regarding the mysterious contrail as resulting not from<u>______</u> as critics say, but from a benightedness about its own doings that is almost inevitable, given the multitudinous- ness of its agencies.

A. obtuseness
B. [[mendacity]]
C. abnegation
D. guilelessness
E. [[trenchant|trenchancy]]

2. Scientists have argued not only that the chains of atoms called ladder compounds have <u>______</u> theoretical interest but also that studies of such systems can lead to important practical applications.

A. limited
B. dubious
C. superfluous
D. unidimensional
E. intrinsic

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The professor frequently reiterated a basic assumption behind the experimental method--- namely, that the outcome of the experiment is always (i)<u>______</u>. The hypothesis can never assume the experiment’s results, in other words, but instead must (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> their appearance.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. undetermined|D. await|
|B. incontrovertible|E. signal|
|C. inconsequential|F. negate|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Hyana Kusiemko and her colleagues speculate that the (i)<u>______</u> support among low-income works for increases in the minimum wage is a form of last-place [[aversion]]: people who are in a marginally better position than the worst off seek to (ii)<u>______</u> to distinguish themselves from those in last place.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. unwavering|D. disavow their willingness|
|B. vociferous|E. retain their ability|
|C. tepid|F. dissemble their need|

5. Unlike the elected branches of the United States government, where making personal connection with citizens is (i)<u>______</u> and almost (ii)<u>______</u> political efficacy, the United States Supreme Court continues to maintain that its members should communicate with the public almost exclusively through formal opinions—and even then through ceremonial rituals that date back to the nineteenth century.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. frowned upon|D. a requirement for|
|B. rampant|E. a detriment to|
|C. disregarded|F. an irrelevance to|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Part of what currently makes it so (i)<u>______</u>to arrive at a scientific understanding of the living world is that while technological advances have produced a cascade of data—from detailed genome sequence to the sophisticated satellite imagery that documents the planet’s ecosystems —our ability to (ii)<u>______</u>these data still lags far behind their (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. frustrating|D. gather|G. acquisition|
|B. intriguing|E. apprehend|H. interpretation|
|C. challenging|F. dispute|I. implementation|

7. In the wild, no other mammal <u>______</u> individuals from another species: badgers do not tend hares, deer do not nurture baby squirrels, lions do not care for giraffes.

A. protects
B. fosters
C. aids
D. cajoles
E. adopts
F. coaxes

8. Recent research runs counter to the long-cherished notion that a small drop in body temperature during and after surgery is either <u>______</u> or actually protects the patient by slowing metabolism and reducing the body’s demand for blood and oxygen.

A. beneficial
B. immaterial
C. inconsequential
D. preventive
E. prophylactic
F. redundant

9. In the northeastern United States, beaver populations had been critically reduced or even<u>______</u> in large areas at the end of nineteenth century; as a result, several states instituted prohibitions on beaver trapping.

A. diminished
B. [[extirpate]]d
C. eliminated
D. devalued
E. weakened
F. underrated

10. Laughter, like speech, is primarily a human faculty, although both functions may also exist in a more <u>______</u> form in lesser primates.

A. indispensable
B. crucial
C. primitive
D. intelligible
E. recognizable
F. rudimentary

time: 11'36''

## section 91 easy

1. Contrary to its reputation for intellectual <u>______</u>, the 1950s was a decade exceptionally rich in works of [[trenchant]] and far-reaching social criticism.

A. keenness
B. inclusiveness
C. complacency
D. integrity
E. productivity

2. The philosopher was a strong advocate of <u>______</u>: he taught that happiness comes from forgoing one’s desires.

A. magnanimity
B. duty
C. abstinence
D. pragmatism
E. tolerance

3. In light of Elizabeth’s habitually (i)<u>______</u> nature, her friends were quite surprised by her (ii)<u>______</u> at the convention.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. ingenuous|D. garrulity|
|B. laconic|E. ostentatiousness|
|C. intractable|F. tenacity|

4. After Betty found a qualified assistant to help her, the tasks that once seemed so (i)<u>______</u> became quite (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. onerous|D. manageable|
|B. pleasant|E. challenging|
|C. trivial|F. unwieldy|

5. Since the 1920s, historical fiction writers in China have [[emancipate]]d the genre from the traditional notion that (i)<u>______</u> was the ultimate goal of history writing. Yet the traditional commitment to (ii)<u>______</u> was not simply (iii)<u>______</u>: this new genre was expected to capture the essence of historical truth even as it allowed space for the writer’s imagination.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. comprehensiveness|D. veracity|G. jettisoned|
|B. factuality|E. thoroughness|H. rationalized|
|C. entertainment|F. pleasure|I. acknowledged|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> The journey to (i)<u>______</u>, when it starts from a vantage as (ii)<u>______</u>as Dunsany’s, is often as (iii)<u>______</u>as the path to glory. How did a writer of such talent and renown wind up nearly forgotten?

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. obscurity|D. eminent|G. unfathomable|
|B. normalcy|E. reactionary|H. cyclical|
|C. genius|F. egalitarian|I. [[mundane]]|

7. It is normal for artists who achieve great acclaim during their lifetimes to be considered <u>______</u> shortly after their deaths, only to have their reputations restored by subsequent generations.

A. sacrosanct
B. outmoded
C. overrated
D. canonical
E. unfashionable
F. [[emblematic]]

8. Human perception is not a direct consequence of reality but rather requires imagination, because the data that people encounter in their lives are never complete and always <u>______</u>.

A. equivocal
B. ambiguous
C. apparent
D. clear
E. transient
F. contradictory

9. Susanne Prediger argues that although rational decimals and fractions are mathematically equivalent, students generally deal with them in <u>______</u> ways, hence they are not cognitively equivalent.

A. variable
B. divergent
C. unique
D. cursory
E. dissimilar
F. superficial

10. Although Lemettais was <u>______</u> computer engineering, he lacked the spirit or enthusiasm to pursue it as a lifelong occupation.

A. fanatical about
B. adept at
C. indifferent to
D. diligent regarding
E. [[proficient]] in
F. apathetic about

time: 8'07''

## section 92 easy

1. The architecture of the Shanghai Bund was for decades presented as an archetypal symbol of [[abhorrent]] Western influence, which may be one of the reasons that these grand buildings were <u>______</u> for so many years.

A. imitated
B. extolled
C. commemorated
D. disdained
E. unnoticed

2. The wonder of Amy Chapman was her <u>______</u>, her [[tenacious]] devotion to certain causes.

A. subtle allure
B. refractory willfulness
C. obstinate self-regard
D. brazen [[hubris]]
E. staunch [[fealty]]

3. In the new biography, Gonzalez doesn’t (i)<u>______</u> the aspects of her subject that have drawn criticism but instead creates them with considerable (ii)<u>______</u>: hardly a fact or assertion goes by her without being sourced in the endnotes.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. explain|D. sympathy|
|B. acknowledge|E. thoroughness|
|C. evade|F. ingenuity|

4. The governor is known for her unwillingness to (i)<u>______</u> policy decisions in the face of opponents typically, if she announces a specific policy and is confronted with objections from interest groups, she (ii)<u>______</u> the policy.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. adhere to|D. resumes|
|B. compromise on|E. appraises|
|C. disavow|F. abandons|

5. At least one otter species, the sea otter, has a large, often dominating, effect on the structure of its own habitat. There is no evidence that other species have ever exercised such (i)<u>______</u> effects. That lack of evidence could merely be because the other species have been studied less thoroughly. However, the size and density of the historic sea otter populations in many Pacific coastal regions (ii)<u>______</u> those of other otter species elsewhere, so perhaps the sea otter is indeed (iii)<u>______</u> in its effects on habitat.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. ephemeral|D. vastly exceed|G. unique|
|B. unpredictable|E. have little effect on|H. destructive|
|C. significant|F. roughly parallel|I. transitory|

6. For many years Cole experienced (i)<u>______</u>his professional circle. He was a (ii)<u>______</u>figure in the Middle East Studies Association of North America, editing for five years its flagship publication, and in 2004 he was even elected the association’s incoming president. But because his research focused on highly (iii)<u>______</u>aspects of the eighteenth-and-nineteenth century Middle East, he was unlikely to achieve any sort of public acclaim.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. obscurity within|D. leading|G. relevant|
|B. estrangement from|E. provocative|H. esoteric|
|C. anonymity outside|F. traditional|I. disputed|

7. In science, replicability comes with the idea that the pursuit of scientific truth should not be <u>______</u>: researchers who make claims must allow others to test them empirically.

A. incomplete
B. settled
C. private
D. unfinished
E. [[insular]]
F. [[unerring]]

8. Even the most hard-nosed critics could hardly deny that the novelist’s best books are <u>______</u>: they are filled with energy, imagination, and something close to a white-hot inspiration.

A. inventive
B. engaging
C. spirited
D. compassionate
E. vigorous
F. warmhearted

9. Liam Clancy described the young Bob Dylan as a sponge, eagerly absorbing the possibilities life and culture might provide, and Dylan presents himself so in his memoir <u>______</u> in his intellectual and musical curiosity.

A. insatiable
B. devious
C. unique
D. pretentious
E. [[voracious]]
F. [[cunning]]

10. The Red Sea town of Aydhab presents scholars with <u>______</u>: medieval records describe it as a major port for ships engaged in trade, yet today there is no trace of a viable harbor at the site.

A. an illusion
B. a contradiction
C. a chimera
D. a puzzle
E. an anachronism
F. a conundrum
  
