---
created: 2023-08-03 19:03:51
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec6-10
---

- [[#section 6 easy|section 6 easy]]
- [[#section 7 easy|section 7 easy]]
- [[#section 8 easy|section 8 easy]]
- [[#section 9 easy|section 9 easy]]
- [[#section 10 easy|section 10 easy]]

----

## section 6 easy

1. One view of historicism holds that systems of belief prevalent during different periods in history are <u>______</u> and therefore cannot be understood except in their own term.
A. [[discriminatory]]
**B. [[incommensurable]]**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. anachronistic
D. cosmopolitan
E. objective
2. The company suffers from an almost total lack of <u>______</u>: even the most [[innocuous]] communications between departments lend to devolve into [[acrimony]].
A. dissension
B. variance
**C. comity**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. conformity
E. [[mordancy]]
3. One way to predict the effects of global climate change on an ecosystem is to [[extrapolate]] current trend in global change factors into the future. A (i)<u>______</u> of this method is that its predictions (ii)<u>______</u> actual observation, but the method also makes the questionable assumption that the future will resemble the present.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. virtue
D. dispense with
B. drawback
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. derive from
C. [[peculiarity]]
F. improve upon
4. So (i)<u>______</u> is the reputation of the city’s police force for (ii)<u>______</u> that whenever a new police chief take office, he or she routinely promises to clean up the force.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. persistent
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[corruption]]
B. recent
E. efficiency
C. discouraging
F. inexperience
5. Scientists said that cosmology was the field where the ratio of theory to data was (i)<u>______</u>: there was an abundance of theories, but almost no data. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Recently</mark>, however, that ratio has flipped. A huge and ever-increasing amount of data has (ii)<u>______</u> all theories but one.
A. completely unknown
**D. eliminated**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. nearly infinite**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. supported
C. always variable
F. clarified
第 17 页
6. Many fairy tales are complex narratives of wish fulfillment. They teach the reader that a struggle against severe difficulties in life is (i)<u>______</u>, that it is an [[intrinsic]] part of human existence, and that if one does not (ii)<u>______</u>, but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. atypical
D. preserve
G. elicits adversities
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. unavoidable
E. improvise
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. emerges victorious
C. in[[surmountable]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. shy away
I. evades achievements
7. Since it was committed to the idea of science as an international, politically neutral enterprise, the Royal Society of London refused to <u>______</u> members from enemy nations during world wars of the twentieth century.
A. betray
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. expel
C. endorse
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. oust
E. sanction
F. condemn
8. [[Coagulation]] factors are useful proteins whose simple names—many are known only by Roman numerals—<u>______</u> their importance and the specificity of their roles in the thinning and clotting of blood.
A. nullify
B. obviate
C. mitigate
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. belie
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. mask
F. accentuate
9. Despite her rather <u>______</u> choices, Moreland was neither a rebellious spirit nor someone who saw herself as anything out of the ordinary.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. unconventional
B. impractical
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[quirky]]
D. [[flamboyant]]
E. successful
F. lucrative
10. Despite their cultural and social significance, rapid growth, and widespread appear in China, video games—unlike traditional media—have received <u>______</u> attention from international communication researches.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[undue]]
**B. [[scant]]**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. excessive
D. focused
**E. limited**
F. dwindling
第 18 页

## section 7 easy

1. The artist’s career was remarkable partly because it was so <u>______</u>: she died, with only a few paintings to her credit, while still in her twenties.
A. [[felicitous]]
B. prolific
C. enduring
D. conventional
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. abbreviated
2. The province has long claimed to be just another developing region, even as its economy <u>______</u>those of other regions and threatens to eclipse the rest of the country combined.
A. parallels
B. bolsters
C. corroborates
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. outstrips
E. engages
3. Scholars have [[marvel]]ed over the (i)<u>______</u> that Shakespeare displays in his works, noting that such broad learning is all the more remarkable given <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">that books</mark> were relatively (ii)<u>______</u> in Shakespeare’s time.
A. [[meticulous]]ness
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[edifying]]
B. humor
**E. scarce**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[erudition]]**
F. inexpensive
4. She was never (i)<u>______</u>; she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii)<u>______</u> for the present to declare her passion.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[precipitate]]
D. pretended
B. tactful
E. decided
C. thoughtful
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. forbore
5. Except for a few passages in the biography in which the subject’s flaws are (i)<u>______</u>, the author’s treatment of her subject is (ii)<u>______</u>.
**A. too harshly judged**
D. erudite
B. analyzed in depth
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. [[judicious]]**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. frankly acknowledged
F. acrimonious
6. The writer argues that jewelry-grade diamonds, because they are both (i)<u>______</u> and (ii)<u>______</u>,prove one of two conclusions; their purchasers have so much money they can spend it on <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">goods that</mark> (iii)<u>______</u>, or their purchasers are so committed to making others think they have such wealth that they are willing to go into debt to do so.
A. flawless
D. durable
G. may appreciate in value
B. [[fungible]]
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. useless**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. reflect the buyers’ connoisseurship
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. expensive**
F. irreplaceable
**I. serve no practical purpose**
第 19 页
7. In Ramachandran’s opinion, it is perfectly acceptable to propose bold [[speculation]] about the brain, even if these speculations seem <u>______</u>; as Ramachandran frequently remarks, science [[thrives]] on risky [[conjecture]].
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. unfounded
B. premature
C. controversial
D. verifiable
E. testable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. baseless
8. The concert hall’s suspended ceiling is two-inch-thick plaster that reflects low-frequency sound energy; similarly, all wall surfaces are angled and shaped to <u>______</u> sound from the stage throughout the audience area.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. diffuse
B. amplify
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. spread
D. dampen
E. eclipse
F. deaden
9. Any notion of justice in the fortunes of artists is <u>______</u>: works of equal value and quality produce quite different returns or no returns at all.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. baseless
B. cliché
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. untenable
D. insulting
E. [[condescending]]
F. idealistic
10. Agencies responsible for protecting natural resources too often issue permits allowing exploitation of those resources, a process that remains <u>______</u> given that agencies have become experts at masking their decisions in the scientific terms.
A. controversial
B. [[exacting]]
**C. [[obscure]]**
D. [[onerous]]
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. opaque**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. misleading
第 20 页

## section 8 easy

1. Parker’s model of human reflects a <u>______</u> outlook, in stark contrast to the generally pessimistic analyses of her colleagues in the economics department.
A. prescient
B. circumspect
C. technical
D. [[magisterial]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. [[sanguine]]
2. The history of the region’s natural resources has been one of initial (i)<u>______</u> followed by (ii)<u>______</u>; as such the region has over time gone from a resource-rich to a resource-dependent economy.
A. disappointment
D. growing interdependence
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. abundance
E. [[draconian]] regulation
C. conservation
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[rapacious]] depletion
3. Any account of experimental music in the United States that (i)<u>______</u> the predominantly African American bebop and free jazz movements is (ii)<u>______</u>, since this body of music constitutes what is arguably the most influential African experimental music in the decades following the Second War War.
**A. neglects**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. underappreciated
B. exaggerates
**E. problematic**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. reinterprets
F. self-serving
4. Despite the abundance and importance of maize, its biological origin has been a long-running mystery. The bright yellow, mouth-watering treat does not grow in the wild anywhere on the planet, so its (i)<u>______</u> is not at all (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. utility
D. helpful
B. popularity
E. important
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. ancestry
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. obvious
5. In medieval Europe, watermills were more (i)<u>______</u> than windmills. It is true that windmills could be built virtually anywhere, whereas watermills (ii)<u>______</u>. However, watermills’ greater capacity and reliability provided a better (iii)<u>______</u> the money required to build the mill. 
A. problematic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. were suitable only for certain locations
G. source of
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. profitable
E. inspired a variety of new technologies
H. adjunct to
C. versatile
F. required a good deal of up keep
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">I</mark>. return on
第 21 页
6. When the Agriculture Department (i)<u>______</u> its dietary guidelines, it laid down a challenge: Eat better, smarter, and healthier or else. The “or else” included a long list of (ii)<u>______</u> that (iii)<u>______</u> the developed world, from heart disease and osteoporosis to diabetes.
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. make public**
D. [[intangibles]]
G. [[assuage]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[debunk]]ed
E. misconceptions
**H. [[plague]]**
C. refused to consider
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[maladies]]**
I. ignore
7. Although legislators on both sides of issues have repeatedly <u>______</u> a desire to find a middle ground, until now no acceptable compromise has been achieved.
A. discussed
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. proclaimed
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. professed
D. rejected
E. disowned
F. betrayed
8. The company is so old-fashioned and opposed to innovation that it can seem downright <u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. antediluvian
B. [[flighty]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. archaic
D. [[chauvinistic]]
E. [[capricious]]
F. [[patronizing]]
9. Estimating demographic parameters in marine mammals is challenging, often requiring many years of data to achieve sufficient precision to <u>______</u> biologically meaningful change.
A. effect
B. tolerate
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[discern]]
D. envisage
E. withstand
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. detect
10. Scientists should hope the faults in their theories will be <u>______</u> their peers since the refutation of one hypothesis can free its originator to develop a better one.
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. discerned by**
B. disregarded by
**C. discovered by**
D. ignored by
E. opaque to
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. inspiring to
第 22 页

## section 9 easy

1. He was so \_\_\_\_ during the filming of the movie that crew members nicknamed his “The Angriest Man in the World”
A. [[loquacious]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[irascible]]
C. [[perfidious]]
D. sanguine
E. [[voracious]]
2. The film was a <u>______</u>: its elements were assembled more or less haphazardly from a dozen of different sources.
A. [[burlesque]]
B. satire
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[pastiche]]
D. [[chronicle]]
E. [[parody]]
3. The description of Green’s scholarship as (i)<u>______</u> is grossly misleading: while her research on interstellar particles is not especially novel, the conclusions she draws from her data are (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. esoteric
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. remarkably pioneering
B. [[tendentious]]
E. dubiously supported
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. derivative
F. strangely comforting
4. People frequently attempt to relieve their workplace frustrations via surreptitious comments around the water cooler but would be better able to resolve their resentment if they were less(i)<u>______</u> about their problem and imitated a more (ii)<u>______</u> dialogue.
A. [[vexatious]]
D. equitable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[clandestine]]
E. sincere
C. opportunistic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. open   

5. It would be (i)<u>______</u> not to (i)<u>______</u> these tabloid journalists for thriving in hard times: they deserve credit for doing well in a profession in financial straits.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[apropos]]
**D. admire**
**B. [[churlish]]**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. envy
C. cagey
F. emulate
第 23 页
6. The historian’s narrative of the dynasty’s decline is (i)<u>______</u>, because though there is nothing (ii)<u>______</u> the account, largely parts of it rely on (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. diffuse
D. psychologically penetrating in
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">G</mark>. plagiarism
B. reasonable
**E. inherently implausible about**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. conjecture**
**C. questionable**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. fully documented in
I. pretense
7. Though Edmurd certainly had a dignified bearing and made a great first impression, those who became acquainted with him soon realized he had an essentially <u>______</u> nature.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[pugnacious]]
B. deliberate
C. punctilious
D. courteous
E. complacent
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[truculent]]
8. The life of a secret agent is dangerous enough, but the life of a double agent is infinitely more <u>______</u>: a single slip can send an agent crashing to destruction.
A. [[arduous]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[precarious]]
C. [[clandestine]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[perilous]]
E. [[covert]]
F. [[exhilarating]]
9. Natural causes nerves to die off and muscles to weaken, but regular exercise of muscle fibers enlarges and can <u>______</u> the decline by increasing the strengthen muscle you have left.
A. speed up
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[stave off]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. forestall
D. facilitate
E. assist
F. exploit
10. Creativity is no longer seen as <u>______</u> inspiration leading to poem or painting, it has come to be thought of as something permeating the whole of a person’s life.
A. a [[mundane]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. a momentary
C. an illusory
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. an evanescent
E. a [[metaphoric]]
F. a [[prosaic]]
第 24 页

## section 10 easy

1. Nylenna’s study showed that errors in scientific manuscripts submitted for publication often escape reviewers’ notice, results that were not <u>______</u>: when Godlee conducted a study of the same phenomenon, her findings were similar.
A. credible
B. unwelcome
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. anomalous
D. quantifiable
E. consequential
2. Among the Meakam but people of Papua New Guinea, legends are associated with specific caves in the Sepik region, and these legends are <u>______</u>: only the cave owner can share its secrets.
A. impenetrable
B. immutable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[proprietary]]
D. [[didactic]]
E. self-perpetuating
3. It would be imprecise to characterize her scholarship as (i)<u>______</u>: though her etymological discussion is necessarily esoteric, there is nothing (ii)<u>______</u> about the conclusions she derives from it.
A. derivative
**D. obscure**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. arcane**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. controversial
C. careless
F. innovative
4. While acknowledging behaviors the Prime Minster took in order to remain in office were (i)<u>______</u>, some politicians nevertheless believed this small amount of (ii)<u>______</u> was justified to keep reforming government in office.
**A. unethical**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[skullduggery]]**
B. [[impractical]]
E. [[indolence]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[quixotic]]
F. in[[civility]]
5. Attending with equal (i)<u>______</u> to any question that presents itself, the sociologist’s work has strengths and weaknesses that flow from this energetically (ii)<u>______</u> approach. 
A. skepticism
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. hybrid
B. [[lethargy]]
**E. [[indiscriminate]]**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. fervor**
F. [[conciliatory]]
第 25 页
6. Galaxy Zoo set a standard for citizen-scientist participation project. Zealous volunteers (i)<u>______</u>the project’s organizers by classifying an entire catalog of galaxies years ahead of schedule. (ii)<u>______</u> by the (iii)<u>______</u> of the volunteers, Galaxy Zoo team was inspired to pursue lines of research they had never even imagined.
A. [[beguile]]d
D. [[baffle]]d
G. [[insouciance]]
B. forestalled
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. [[buoy]]ed**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. [[stoicism]]
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. astonished**
F. embarrassed
**I. [[alacrity]]**
7. In establishing that the dust she had observed constitutes two percent of the mass in the quadrant, the astronomer showed that the dust’s extreme visual prominence <u>______</u> its relatively minor contribution to the total mass of the region.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. belies
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. masks
C. highlights
D. nullifies
E. disproves
F. accentuates
8. Writing about advances in climate science is often problematic, in part because the material is so <u>______</u>: climate science is the study of shifting, interrelated, and sometimes paradoxical patterns.
A. disheartening
B. pedestrian
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. complicated
D. depressing
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. knotty
F. [[mundane]]
9. There are many insights in the essay collected in Observations on modernity, but they are embedded in a dense English translation of a dense German original that may make many of them <u>______</u> to most readers.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[vapid]]
**B. inaccessible**
C. [[sagacious]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. banal
E. distressing
**F. [[opaque]]**
10. Noise [[suppression]] in phones can play an important role in making cellphone networks more efficient, since when sounds that are <u>______</u> to the meaningful signal are transmitted, precious network band width is wasted.
A. unsuitable
B. detrimental
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. irrelevant
D. confined
E. limited
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[extraneous]]