---
created: 2023-08-12 14:22:10
updated: 2023-08-12 14:24:21
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec31-35
---

# section 31 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The era’s examples of <u>______</u> that are cited by the author can be balanced in part by certain examples of [[dissent]] during the same period.

A. diversity
B. authoritarianism
C. forbearance
D. volatility
E. [[lucid]]ity

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> It seems foolish to refuse the offer of an [[expedient]] that is both so <u>______</u> success and so difficult to create them absent.

A. [[reminiscent]] of
B. lacking in
C. distinct from
D. indispensable to
E. inimical to

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The genius of the scientific method is that it (i)<u>______</u> the [[dictum]] of Aristotle that the goal of science is knowledge of the ultimate cause of things. True science, we now know, advances human knowledge by (ii)<u>______</u> ultimate causes and focusing instead on the testing of empirical hypotheses.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. qualifies|D. ignoring|
|B. jettisons|E. predicting|
|C. affirms|F. confirming|

4. The meandering journey across the soundscape of the Internet can be (i)<u>______</u>. Listening to music in this medium often generates anxiety fulfillment: no sooner has one experience begun than the thought of what else is out there intrudes. Putting an old-fashioned disk and letting it play to the end restores a measure of (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. liberating|D. choice|
|B. taxing|E. boredom|
|C. educational|F. sanity|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Inuit print making is less (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> than carving in that it does not have substantial historical precedents, although there are (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> incised carvings on bone or antler, facial tattoo marks or inlay skin work on clothing, mitts and footwear. Carving materials such as stone, bone, antler, wood, and ivory were (iii)<u>______</u>, but paper and drawing tools were unknown until introduced by early explorers and missionaries.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. traditional|D. affinities with|G. available locally|
|B. prestigious|E. objections to|H. rarely used|
|C. anomalous|F. regulations about|I. virtually interchangeable|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> For many years, Americans have had a love affair with ferryboats. Ferries are said to relieve our frayed nerves after we’ve stewed in bumper-to-bumper traffic, and conventional wisdom also says ferries (i)<u>______</u> congestion and air pollution by getting us out of cars. Unfortunately, this (ii)<u>______</u> notion recently has (iii)<u>______</u> several West Coast mayors, who have in consequence eagerly pursued the implementation of ferry service in their cities.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. contribute to|D. provocative|G. captivated|
|B. reduce|E. misguided|H. confused|
|C. cover up|F. cynical|I. outraged|

7. Circulatory systems on organisms originated in widely separated epochs, according to the fossil record, and under a broad range of circumstances, the myriad forms they take attest to that <u>______</u> of origin.

A. mysteriousness
B. randomness
C. ambiguity
D. heterogeneity
E. indeterminacy
F. [[diversity]]

8. Compared to their predecessors, who were more nationalist than feminist in political orientation, Roman women activists of the younger generation are more inclined to <u>______</u> women’s rights, often creating organizations focused primarily on women’s issues.

A. expand
B. de-emphasize
C. [[champion]]
D. idealize
E. downplay
F. defend

9. Individuals, governments, and companies show ample ability to <u>______</u> themselves by setting goals based on current conditions and then blindly following them even when those conditions change drastically.

A. [[hamstring]]
B. [[reinvent]]
C. promote
D. revitalize
E. impair
F. invigorate

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> The performer can be <u>______</u> in his comedy, but he is fundamentally a bighearted person who displays a core sweetness even at his most manic.

A. inflammatory
B. [[pedestrian]]
C. [[gloomy]]
D. uninspired
E. [[puerile]]
F. provocative
# section 32 median

1. With the numerous opponents of the controversial new taxation measure in such a fury, anyone who publicly advocated the measure did not fail to meet with <u>______</u> usage.

A. politic
B. severe
C. sober
D. respectful
E. dejected

2. She constantly <u>______</u> herself for not living up to her own ideas—for not working hard enough or not having motives that were pure enough.

A. exalted
B. coddled
C. [[excoriate]]d
D. mollified
E. deluded

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Proponents of international regulation of environmental issues have always struggled against scientific uncertainty and economic hostility, two obstacles which, form a political standpoint, often have been closely related, as economic hostility toward environmental regulation for economic reasons have (i)<u>______</u> the considerable uncertainty underlying most environmental challenges to (ii)<u>______</u> of environmental regulation.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. resolved|D. exaggerate the efficacy|
|B. gainsaid|E. downplay the legitimacy|
|C. [[exploit]]ed|F. question the fallibility|

4. Many scholars have argued that the United States Supreme Court usually (i)<u>______</u> public opinion in its decisions because it fears that it will (ii)<u>______</u> if does not; when it does depart from public opinion, it whips up political maelstroms.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. comments on|D. lose public support|
|B. hews to|E. mitigate public anger|
|C. overrides|F. create public indifference|

5. Analysis of 47.5-million-year-old fossils from Pakistan has yielded fresh insights into the early ancestors of modern whales. For example, Maiacetus inuus was a land animal (i)<u>______</u> life in the sea. One Maiacetus innus fossil encased a fetus positioned for a head-first delivery, which is typical of a land mammal and suggests the species gave birth onshore. But it probably spent much of its time (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>: its big teeth were suited for catching fish, while its flipper-like feet must have been (iii)<u>______</u> walking.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. resistant|D. in the water|G. incompatible with|
|B. removed from|E. fleeing from predators|H. clumsy for|
|C. adapted to|F. protecting its young|I. strengthened by|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Those who took Clark’s old-mannered compliance for obsequiousness (i)<u>______</u> him: his apparent (ii)<u>______</u> veiled a fervent (iii)<u>______</u> of the authority that others exercised over him, one that he occasionally expressed by discreetly sabotaging their most important projects.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. misconstrued|D. cynicism|G. veneration|
|B. condemned|E. acquiescence|H. justification|
|C. respected|F. intractability|I. detestation|

7. In ways large and small, millions of people are taking active steps to <u>______</u> the medical mainstream, whether by taking herbal remedies for disease or by placing their hopes for a cure in alternative treatment.
A. augment
B. sidestep
C. support
D. vilify
E. circumvent
F. endorse

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> Although its gray text blocks and black-and-white illustrations give it a sober [[mien]], this one-stop resource can take the place of a dozen less <u>______</u> texts.

A. exhaustive
B. interesting
C. appealing
D. original
E. educational
F. comprehensive

9. The media have constantly[[ disparage]]d the governor’s competence and have found a public only too eager to applaud their <u>______</u>.

A. assiduousness
B. stupefaction
C. mockery
D. incredulity
E. certitude
F. derision

10. The <u>______</u> of ophthalmology as a field in the United States from 1820 to 1850 is evident in the opening of at least five eye hospitals during this period, offering new venues for ophthalmic treatment and experimentation.

A. sophistication
B. [[retrench]]ment
C. burgeoning
D. resurgence
E. curtailment
F. expansion
    
# section 33 median

1. In his youth, the naturalist and artist John James Audubon was given to <u>______</u> [[glamorous]] tales about himself: he falsely claimed to have studied under a renowned French painter and hinted that he was the heir apparent to the French throne.

A. disavowing
B. understanding
C. constraining
D. obfuscating
E. concocting

2. Holston characterized a colonial situation as an aggregation of activities and a conjunction of outcomes that, though<u>______</u> and at times coordinated, were usually diffuse, disorganized, and even contradictory.

A. dubious
B. chaotic
C. harmonious
D. linked
E. imputed

3. In aquatic environments, the herbicide atrazine is more likely to (i)<u>______</u> developing amphibians when it is highly diluted than when it is much more concentrated, a new study suggests. Although counterintuitive, the finding is (ii)<u>______</u> some past research on atrazine and studies showing that other hormonally active compounds are most damaging at trace concentrations.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. supplant|D. unanticipated given|
|B. kill|E. consistent with|
|C. circumvent|F. undiminished by|

4. If newspaper consumers are concerned about more than (i)<u>______</u> and prefer to read news that is consistent with their beliefs, then (ii)<u>______</u> is not a journalistic flaw, but, rather, a cultivated feature. In a competitive news market, producers can use [[slant]] to differentiate their products and stave off price competition.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. politics|D. bias|
|B. accuracy|E. sensationalism|
|C. expense|F. inconsistency|

5. There are two opposing theories about mountain formation and climate over the past 40 million years: either the surge of mountain building (i)<u>______</u> the global cooling or vice versa. The first of these two theories asserts that widespread mountain building cooled the earth as a result of the (ii)<u>______</u> mountains and climate. For example, mountain glaciers tend to be (iii)<u>______</u>: once established, they increase the reflectivity of the surface, thus lowering temperatures and allowing more ice to form.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. superseded|D. disparity between|G. unpredictable|
|B. halted|E. feedback between|H. static|
|C. caused|F. complexity of|I. self-[[perpetuating]]|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> With the emergence of scientific history-writing in the late nineteenth century, several authors sought to ignore the glowing myths surrounding George Washington and uncover the human being within, but their biographies were still (i)<u>______</u> enough that Washington remained a marbled and remote figure. Indeed, by the 1920s Washington has become such (ii)<u>______</u> personage that inevitably someone had to go to the other extreme and try to (iii)<u>______</u> the legend.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. [[ponderous]]|D. a deified|G. debunk|
|B. empirical|E. an ignored|H. aggrandize|
|C. [[laudatory]]|F. a misunderstood|I. reproduce|

7. Aerial viewings of the gigantic stone horse attributed to the Native American Quechuan people fail to <u>______</u> the considerable artistry required to create the piece: the horse appears crudely constructed unless carefully examined from the ground.

A. reveal
B. justify
C. [[manifest]]
D. mitigate
E. diminish
F. undercut

8. The book aims to illuminate how science has changed the meaning of nothingness from <u>______</u> philosophical concept to something we can almost put under a microscope.

A. a [[tangible]]
B. a palpable
C. a nebulous
D. a [[nettle]]some
E. an incontrovertible
F. a vague

9. Few ideas are more <u>______</u> than the notion that cultures evolve in Darwin fashion; many academics have begun writing about cultural evolution, but few treat the underlying Darwinian logic with the care it deserves.

A. abused
B. archaic
C. misused
D. outdated
E. divisive
F. derivative

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> The initial, widely shared pessimism turned out to be <u>______</u>, because it ignored the many things that could be done with resources left behind.

A. unintelligible
B. [[unfathomable]]
C. unfounded
D. unimaginative
E. unjustified
F. unimportant
  
# section 34 median

1. The space travels described in science fiction stories always used to be epic adventures, in comparison to which current journals in space seem quite <u>______</u>.

A. [[mundane]]
B. exciting
C. dramatic
D. risky
E. heroic

2. To criticize a disaster film for being <u>______</u> is a bit silly, since people do not go to disaster movies to see an honest portrayed of reality.

A. expensive
B. harrowing
C. derivative
D. convoluted
E. implausible

3. The irony of digital networking is that it can produce more (i)<u>______</u> than did the geographical confinement it supposedly transcended. As human interactions become (ii)<u>______</u> physical location, people are less likely to have regular dealings with others who do not share the same values and outlooks.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. provincialism|D. more determined by|
|B. diversity|E. less contingent on|
|C. materialism|F. less insensitive to|

4. The mood of the times is no longer one of (i)<u>______</u> over our scientific achievements. Doubts and worries beset technical and scientific specialist, as well as the public at large. I do not consider such worries (ii)<u>______</u>, though they are often based on intuitive feeling rather than on strictly logical arguments.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. widening skepticism|D. unfounded|
|B. uncritical joy|E. sacrosanct|
|C. false humility|F. foreordained|

5. Pioneering medical research scientists’ (i)<u>______</u> claims regarding the (ii)<u>______</u> new researches make the public wonder their own doctors are not dispensing miracles. There are forces, both external and internal, on scientists that most require them to (iii)<u>______</u>. Without money, there is no science. Researchers must constantly convince administrators who control tax dollars, investors, and individual donors that the work they are doing will make a difference.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. modest|D. serious constraints on|G. improvise|
|B. inflated|E. overblown interpretations of|H. oversell|
|C. fastidious|F. potential benefits of|I. generalize|

  
6. Despite the occasional (i)<u>______</u> of their venues, the culture of corporate conferences is a deeply (ii)<u>______</u> conference, each day consisted of nearly nine hours of continuous lectures and panels enlivened by pleasantries or anything that could be construed as a joke. The only (iii)<u>______</u> sensory deprivation of the sessions came from the handsome color slides favored by the corporate presenters.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. seclusion|D. sycophantic|G. allusion to|
|B. [[opulence]]|E. ascetic|H. ramification of|
|C. enormity|F. mercenary|I. respite from|

7. Historically, the depletion of soil’s nitrogen has been one of the most <u>______</u> problems faced by farmers: an essential nutrient, nitrogen is quickly leached from soil, and farmers have struggled to find ways to replenish it.

A. capricious
B. ubiquitous
C. worrisome
D. [[stubborn]]
E. [[intractable]]
F. unpredictable

8. Scientists should hope the faults in their theories will be <u>______</u> their peers since the refutation of one hypothesis can free its originator to develop a better one.

A. discerned by
B. disregarded by
C. discovered by
D. ignored by
E. opaque to
F. inspiring to

9. Although men still dominate the ranks of full professors in the field of astronomy, the increasing numbers of younger women in the field could <u>______</u> a change in its gender mix.

A. require
B. alleviate
C. block
D. presage
E. portend
F. hinder

10. An apparent paradox led the scientists to pursue their present line of research. They were struck by the fact that a single mathematics formula can be used to describe physical phenomena that appear to be so <u>______</u>.

A. rudimentary
B. interdependent
C. interrelated
D. complex
E. heterogeneous
F. dissimilar
  
# section 35 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Medieval cathedrals still stand as marvels of architecture, but as far as modern science is concerned, medieval physics and chemistry are simply irrelevant, at best a dead end, at worst the very <u>______</u> of what science is supposed to be.

A. exemplar
B. glorification
C. reflection
D. dilution
E. antithesis

2. For the urban researcher, the long lives of ancient cities can provide ample chronological data, making up for the paucity stemming from relative <u>______</u> of most present-day cities.

A. complexity
B. formlessness
C. transparency
D. diversity
E. youthfulness

3. Britain’s deteriorating economy after 1945 was (i)<u>______</u> by politicians who favored the manufacturing sector over the service sector: rather than attempting to (ii)<u>______</u> the decline of manufacturing, they should have promoted service industries.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. mishandled|D. augment|
|B. bolstered|E. [[arrest]]|
|C. forestalled|F. escalate|

4. The controversy about Alexander the Great’s personality derives from the fact that our sources are (i)<u>______</u>, all eyewitness accounts having perished. What remains is, at best, (ii)<u>______</u> (one history, for instance is based largely on the now-lost memoirs of Alexander’s alleged half-brother, Ptolemy) and at worst, highly unreliable.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. outdated|D. secondhand|
|B. inadequate|E. repetitious|
|C. abstruse|F. deceptive|

5. Anna Gavalda’s fiction is appealing largely because of her writing styles, which is certainly (i)<u>______</u>. It is heavy on dialogue (and light on embellishment) features very short sections (of often only a few sentence) in rapid succession, and in general favors an unadorned directness. Not surprisingly, this style works better in short-story form than in novels, and the story collection I Wish someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere (ii)<u>______</u> her attempt to (iii)<u>______</u> it in novel, as in, for example, Someone I loved.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. annoying|D. is thought to precede|G. undermine|
|B. distinctive|E. fails in comparison with|H. sustain|
|C. convoluted|F. impresses considerably more than|I. reject|

  
6. For Plato the art of music was so (i)<u>______</u> moral and political reality that any alteration to music system would necessarily require a corresponding political shift. But two and a half millennia later, when classical music is generally seem merely as a lifestyle accessory, Plato’s conception seems (ii)<u>______</u>. To be sure, there are still people who consider classical music to be of (iii)<u>______</u> cultural importance, but few of them are able to articulate this convincingly.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. rarely identified with|D. apt|G. marginal|
|B. tenuously connected to|E. absurd|H. profound|
|C. firmly anchored in|F. disingenuous|I. uncertain|

7. In the northeastern United States, beaver populations had been critically reduced or even<u>______</u> in large areas at the end of nineteenth century; as a result, several states instituted prohibitions on beaver trapping.

A. diminished
B. [[extirpate]]d
C. [[eliminate]]d
D. devalued
E. weakened
F. underrated

8. The preliminary analysis being on the whole, reassuring its confirmation would <u>______</u> concerns about the dangers of project.

A. explain
B. [[deflate]]
C. rationalize
D. soothe
E. reflect
F. hide

9. Some kinds of deadly bacteria, including those that cause tetanus, tuberculosis, and botulism, remain <u>______</u> until something triggers their insidious activity.

A. harmless
B. innocuous
C. anomalous
D. aberrant
E. efficacious
F. undetectable

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> Titan, Saturn’s largest moon, looks surprisingly <u>______</u>, even though it is a cold, dimly lit world made from unknown materials.

A. habitable
B. familiar
C. forbidding
D. [[placid]]
E. [[daunting]]
F. recognizable
  
