---
created: 2023-08-20 21:46:12
updated: 2023-08-20 21:46:14
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec83-87
---
# 【填空】Sec83-87

## section 83 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The threat of litigation makes the art authentication industry <u>______</u> realm: connoisseurs refuse to communicate in writing and confidential agreements bind authenticators to silence.

A. an opportunistic
B. a clandestine
C. a moralizing
D. a xenophobic
E. an anarchistic

2. Some of the areas of research covered in the collection have already attracted substantial scholarly interest, while others are more<u>______</u> , hence requiring pioneering effort to map the territory and suggest productive avenues of inquiry.

A. intricate
B. pristine
C. parochial
D. heterogeneous
E. onerous

3. Since he had demonstrated (i)<u>______</u> talent as an amateur, several of his acquaintances (ii)<u>______</u> a career on the stage, but he followed his parents’ wishes, becoming an engineer.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. an innocuous|D. aided him in pursuing|
|B. an unremarkable|E. badgered him to pursue|
|C. the requisite|F. swayed him into pursuing|

4. In the past, the discussion of artificial light had been (i)   . When electrification spread, the talk of artificial light became (ii)  , perhaps because the material was more familiar. Distance lends enchantment.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. engaging|D. [[nugatory]]|
|B. momentous|E. [[repetitious]]|
|C. dormant|F. dull|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Saul’s particular combination of intellectuality and vitality was not paradoxical; it was category- shattering. (i)<u>______</u> was, in a way, his very theme. Was ever a bookish soul so cracklingly unmediated, so (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> raw life? He was as vivid physically as he was mentally, almost perversely alert, completely at home in the world of matter, repulsed by (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. energy|D. put off by|G. seriousness|
|B. nostalgia|E. flush with|H. sensuality|
|C. solitude|F. uninterested in|I. tedium|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> The difficulty for nineteenth-century advocates of the claim that forests helped regulate climate was that their argument (i)<u>______</u>historical anecdote and observations. Proving the forest-climate link through verifiable and experimental scientific means rather than observation was (ii)<u>______</u>for these individuals, a situation that eventually led to the link (iii)<u>______</u>justifications for forest conservation.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. lacked|D. problematic|G. being revived in|
|B. discounted|E. unnecessary|H. dropping out of|
|C. employed|F. straightforward|I. losing out to|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> Even the man was reserved in his speech, he thoroughly understood his mother, which made him far from <u>______</u> as people usually thought.

A. comprehensive
B. ingenuous
C. sophisticated
D. foolish
E. simple
F. sententious

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> Mark Messina’s book The Simple Soybean and Your Health exudes recognition much less unrestrained in the description of the soy's medical efficiency than its versatility, but the author cautions against soy to be a <u>______</u>.

A. cure-all
B. solitude
C. efficacy
D. effectuality
E. panacea
F. placebo

9. Three of the nation’s largest airlines could be operating under bankruptcy protection in coming weeks, analysts say, the latest sign of the industry’s <u>______</u> as it lurches through a historic transformation.

A. upheaval
B. exorbitance
C. affluence
D. peril
E. convulsion
F. opulence

10. Agencies responsible for protecting natural resources too often issue permits allowing exploitation of those resources, a process that remains <u>______</u> given that agencies have become experts at masking their decisions in the scientific terms.

A. controversial
B. exacting
C. obscure
D. onerous
E. opaque
F. misleading

time: 10'07''

## section 84 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The painter has emphasized the figure’s [[erect]] posture by making it contrast so starkly with the <u>______</u> exhibited by trees of the windswept orchard in the background.

A. strength
B. list
C. rigidity
D. fruitfulness
E. uprightness

2. The idea of a “language instinct” may seem <u>______</u> to those who think of language as the zenith of the human intellect and of instincts as brute impulses.

A. [[jarring]]
B. plausible
C. gratifying
D. inevitable
E. conciliatory

3. [[Hidebound]] by cloying commercial radio and clueless record executives, the American pop music scene has frequently depended on cities at the edges of the cultural map to provide a much- needed shot of (i)<u>______</u>. Seattle, Minneapolis, Austin, Texas, and Athens, Georgia, have all served as temporary pivot points, churning out bands and defining the sound of the moment. Even Omaha, Nebraska, has its 15 minutes not so long ago. The momentary (ii)<u>______</u> seems to come out of nowhere—as if someone blows a whistle only those in the know can hear, and suddenly record executives and journalists are crawling all over what had previously been an obscure locale.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. originality|D. consensus|
|B. hackneyedness|E. disjunction|
|C. burlesque|F. censorship|

4. The guilty-pleasure of the play lies in its invitation for us to identify with its characters—attractive, articulate young women and young men (i)<u>______</u> behavior that, from the outside, may look more than a little (ii)<u>______</u>: though the actions are initially [[repugnant]], we cannot help but share the point of the view of the characters committing them.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[lament]]|D. trivial|
|B. [[execrate]]|E. altruistic|
|C. rationalize|F. monstrous|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Methods were developed to remove distortions caused by either the research environment or the researcher. Such methods, especially with respect to the researcher, were considered to (i)<u>______</u> those (ii)<u>______</u> subjectivity whose unbridled expression was thought to otherwise (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> research.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. restrain|D. incursions of|G. corrupt|
|B. reveal|E. efficacy of|H. obviate|
|C. supersede|F. restrictions on|I. facilitate|

6. People accustomed to thinking that the human lifespan (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>the outer bounds of animal longevity tend to dismiss tales of musket balls being found in the shells of living turtles. Samantha Romney, however, argues that while such stories may be (ii)<u>______</u>, some turtles do indeed exhibit a phenomenon known as “negligible (iii)<u>______</u>,” showing no signs of aging even as they pass the two-century mark.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. belies|D. apocryphal|G. rejuvenation|
|B. demarcates|E. authentic|H. superannuation|
|C. antedates|F. [[heresy]]|I. senescence|

7. The recent exhibition on Dadaism is nothing if not <u>______</u>, for the visual arts are currently awash in Dadaist gestures and gambits of one variety or another.

A. sensational
B. timely
C. [[daunting]]
D. ill-advised
E. opportune
F. misguided

8. Ascorbate readily oxidizes in aerated aqueous solutions, and the PH of such solutions, in part, <u>______</u> the rate of oxidation, since the higher the PH, the greater the rate of oxidation.

A. determines
B. accelerates
C. consolidates
D. governs
E. compounds
F. stabilizes

9. Consuming 25 to 35 percent of their body weight each day, sea otters are not only <u>______</u> but highly specialized eaters, organizing themselves into groups that zero in on specific kinds of prey.

A. prodigious
B. undiscriminating
C. [[fastidious]]
D. picky
E. [[voracious]]
F. omnivorous

10. The concept of the Hellenistic period in ancient history has proved useful but also <u>______</u>, with scholars disagreeing on the dates when the period began and ended.

A. slippery
B. elusive
C. fruitless
D. [[deceptive]]
E. futile
F. [[compelling]]

time: 12'15''

## section 85 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> “RESIGNATION”, an English word the French novelist Christian Oster would no doubt appreciate, presents an elegant paradox: in one sense, it indicated a bold step, a cleaving of oneself from an attachment grown [[onerous]]; in another, it’s the height of <u>______</u>, an acquiescence to fate.

A. [[sham]]
B. fissure
C. desperation
D. passivity
E. maturity

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> He accused some people who <u>______</u> him of being by contrast supportive of another candidate, who shared a similar stance on most political issues.

A. offended
B. lauded
C. [[excoriate]]d
D. promoted
E. noticed

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> To say the actors were (i)<u>______</u> their director is an understatement: a director who is visibly bored by his cast and their performances is hard to (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. disappointed in|D. lambast|
|B. accepting of|E. displease|
|C. motivated by|F. suffer|

4. Just as large manufacturing companies with dominant positions in large domestic markets were once able to resist (i)<u>______</u> despite ample signs that foreign competition was rapidly overtaking them, strong and wealthy states can (ii)<u>______</u> and still manage to limp along for many years.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. innovation|D. exploit vulnerable markets|
|B. temptation|E. dominate international affairs|
|C. inertia|F. maintain misguided policies|

5. For a time in the early Middle Ages, Latin culture came close to (i)<u>______</u>: the witness to that is the (ii)<u>______</u> of manuscript copies of texts datable to the period. The process of copying manuscripts, the only way in which the fragile products of centuries of accumulating knowledge could be preserved, (iii)<u>______</u>, a situation that did not change for two and a half centuries, until the time of Charlemagne. In the intervening period, much of Classical literature was lost to use forever.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. reversing|D. paucity|G. was pursued methodically|
|B. exploding|E. provenance|H. expressed the spirit of the time|
|C. vanishing|F. proliferation|I. virtually came to a standstill|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Barker’s account of how mores have evolved over time is illuminating. It reveals as (i)<u>______</u>and (ii)<u>______</u>some values that have often been regarded as (iii)<u>______</u>, while uncovering other values that do indeed seem to be universal.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. transient|D. transcendent|G. liberating|
|B. instinctive|E. relative|H. nonnegotiable|
|C. resilient|F. enduring|I. antiquated|

7. The current <u>______</u> of repackaged music under Miles Davis’ name might prompt any reasonable person to conclude that the recording vault has been [[plunder]]ed bare.

A. glut
B. revival
C. hodgepodge
D. surfeit
E. modicum
F. dearth

8. People enjoy listening to the governor’s inspiring speeches, and his eloquence lulls his adversaries into underestimating his <u>______</u>, the tempered steel beneath the sleek suits.

A. [[tenacity]]
B. [[resolve]]
C. resourcefulness
D. kindness
E. compassion
F. frankness

9. Ancient cave painters explored every surface, and although they bypassed certain walls that to us seem just as suitable for decoration as ones they chose, the placement of the art apparently wasn’t <u>______</u>.

A. inconsequential
B. [[capricious]]
C. strenuous
D. undisclosed
E. arduous
F. [[impulsive]]

10. Although many skeptics of the scientific theory <u>______</u> critiques that have long since been disproved, some of the doubters arguably bring up valid points.

A. overlook
B. revise
C. recycle
D. utilize
E. neglect
F. [[rehash]]

time: 13'15''

## section 86 hard

1. Common and easily accessible resources (prey for predators or hosts for parasites) should be, all other things being equal, used frequently, yet in some environments apparently accessible and suitable resources remain<u>______</u>.

A. vulnerable
B. unobtainable
C. sustainable
D. depleted
E. unexploited

2. Even though the authors repeatedly <u>______</u> their own shrewdness, they show a remarkable [[credulous]]ness toward far-fetched ideas such as carbon-eating trees and cloud-making machinery.

A. soft-pedal
B. extol
C. deprecate
D. broaden
E. compromise

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The piecrust was not punctured, so steam built up and the crust <u>______</u>, bursting like a balloon, creating an over-cleaning project where hopes of dinner were expected.

A. split
B. warped
C. distended
D. shrunk
E. caved in

4. Regardless of the putative decline of (i)<u>______</u> in contemporary culture, such (ii)<u>______</u> remains essential to civil discourse. It allows people to avoid embarrassing or maligning an adversary, and it serves as a form of irony that draws attention to a problem that can scarcely be exaggerated.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. understatement|D. inventiveness|
|B. originality|E. objectivity|
|C. [[partisan]]ship|F. restraint|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Much of the newspapers readership found it hard to (i)<u>______</u> the allegations of [[venal]]ity laid against the superintendent, since these readers were still (ii)<u>______</u> the superintendents reputation for (iii)<u>______</u>. The superintendents subsequent [[vindication]] will have come as no surprise to them.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. ignore|D. swayed by|G. grouchiness|
|B. credit|E. unaware of|H. probity|
|C. dismiss|F. learning about|I. creativity|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Persian prose writers from the second half of the twelfth century onward were characteristically (i) <u>______</u> the literary form of their works, a fact that some scholars have perceived as a [[derogation]] of those works’ content. It may be better interpreted as (ii) <u>______</u> the development of an awareness of authorship, for the awareness of authorship (iii)<u>______</u> the awareness of form.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. ambivalent about|D. a retreat from|G. evolves through|
|B. indifferent to|E. an indication of|H. extends beyond|
|C. preoccupied with|F. a [[justification]] for|I. holds back|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> Although the employees’ union and company management, entering into contract negotiations, both issued statements encouraging <u>______</u>, acrimony between the two sides continued unabated.

A. pertinacity
B. [[compromise]]
C. patience
D. civility
E. [[comity]]
F. steadfastness

8. As a way of <u>______</u> the negative impacts of overdependence on a single export product—crude oil, the Nigerian government passed legislation in 1999 intended to revitalize the moribund solid minerals sector.

A. assuming
B. checking
C. disguising
D. stemming
E. downplaying
F. shouldering

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> After many years of feeling <u>______</u> by his seniors managers, Clark was becoming hopeful of advancement.

A. vilified
B. stymied
C. [[hinder]]ed
D. aggrieved
E. circumvented
F. overlooked

10. Even before she went to art school, Veronica found the standard design categories <u>______</u>: she didn’t understand why designing buildings and designing tables should require different sensibilities.

A. provocative
B. limiting
C. stimulating
D. confusing
E. confining
F. exhilarating

time: 12'08''

## section 87 hard

1. Given the many thematic strands that the book seeks to draw together into a continuous cord of narrative, it is perforce work of<u>______</u>, which is not to say that the author’s research fails to provide sufficient detail about each of his chosen themes.

A. synthesis
B. conjecture
C. analysis
D. reconstruction
E. accretion

2. For many in the room, the idea of coming to the assistance of a rival was more than unpleasant: it was <u>______</u>.

A. unpropitious
B. anomalous
C. anathematic
D. redundant
E. meretricious

3. That Seiberg and Witten lack celebrity can be explained by the <u>______</u> nature of their pursuit: the mathematical exploration of four-dimensional space.

A. pedestrian
B. esoteric
C. compelling
D. global
E. unequivocal

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> In science education, it is important to differentiate between inaccurate ideas that are conceptually (i)<u>______</u> and understandings that are inaccurate, and yet can (ii)<u>______</u> learning of more sophisticated understanding. The former are simply wrong, the latter can be seen as incomplete, overly simplistic, or tied to only a few limited contexts.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. unproductive|D. foster|
|B. unproblematic|E. delay|
|C. distinct|F. resemble|

5. Many researchers assume that politicians consider the preferences of the entire public, and not merely those of likely voters, when making decisions. Yet, since the desire to be reelected is central, it is plausible that politicians (i)<u>______</u> the opinions of likely voters in formulating their positions on issues. It is possible that researchers’ suppositions about policy makers’ (ii)<u>______</u> aggregate public opinion may serve to (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> the fact that only the preferences of likely voters actually matter.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. rely insufficiently on|D. responsiveness to|G. mask|
|B. depart sporadically from|E. neglect of|H. reflect|
|C. attend disproportionately to|F. misrepresentation of|I. obviate|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Observers of modern presidential campaigns who (i)<u>______</u>the highly (ii)<u>______</u>productions that pass for campaigns these days do sometimes find reason for hope in the occasional mix-ups that (iii)<u>______</u>candidates on the trail despite the presence of political strategist’s plotting every event with the tactical precision of military commanders.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. relish|D. ambitious|G. [[rattle]]|
|B. misinterpret|E. chaotic|H. [[bolster]]|
|C. despair over|F. choreographed|I. legitimate|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7. </mark>Upon realizing that the indicators of a stressful situation can be extremely <u>______</u>, the psychologist reconsidered her claim that a reliable way of reducing stress is to recognize stressful situations and then avoid them.

A. acute
B. exiguous
C. persistent
D. overstated
E. [[tenuous]]
F. unrelenting

8. To call Kermode the finest English critic of his generation would be a <u>______</u> compliment, since not many of its population are professionally engaged in literary criticism.

A. sincere
B. backhanded
C. [[paltry]]
D. heartfelt
E. [[meager]]
F. [[plausible]]

9. In sharp contrast to the novel’s scenic realism and precisely characterized figure is its persistent philosophical <u>______</u>.

A. naturalism
B. abstraction
C. generality
D. impartiality
E. sincerity
F. objectivity

10. Estimating demographic parameters in marine mammals is challenging, often requiring many years of data to achieve sufficient precision to <u>______</u> biologically meaningful change.

A. effect
B. tolerate
C. discern
D. envisage
E. withstand
F. detect
  
time: 11'20''