---
created: 2023-08-18 14:51:48
updated: 2023-08-18 14:53:38
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec73-77
---
# 【填空】Sec73-77

## section 73 median

1.  During the Renaissance, history was thought to be <u>______</u>: it supplied instances of good and bad behavior in the past, thus informing the ethical precepts of the present.

A.  amoral
B.  subjective
C.  superfluous
D.  exemplary
E.  progressive

2.  History teaches us that science is not <u>______</u> enterprise; indeed, it is quite the opposite, a motley assortment of tools designed to safeguard researchers against their own biases.

A.  an opportunistic
B.  an anomalous
C.  a haphazard
D.  a collective
E.  a monolithic

3.  In the 1980s, many historians sounded urgent calls for (i)<u>______</u> in American historical writing, as longer and longer monographs on smaller subjects were being written—dazzling studies, but pieces of a puzzle no one was putting together. This scholarship was not illuminating the central themes of history but (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. indulgence|D. obscuring|
|B. detail|E. criticizing|
|C. synthesis|F. celebrating|

4.  There has been (i)<u>______</u> elephant’s [[fabled]] mental capacities until recently, when these behavioral observations have begun to be (ii)<u>______</u> by brain science. MRI scans of an elephant’s brain suggest that even relative to its overall size it has a large hippocampus, the component in the mammalian brain linked to memory and an important part of its limbic system, which is involved in processing emotions.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. surprising [[credence]] given to|D. buttressed|
|B. a widespread [[dismissal]] of|E. anticipated|
|C. only anecdotal evidence for|F. overwhelmed|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark>  The limitations of human attention cause us to miss much of what goes on around us. The real problem here is that we are often (i)<u>______</u> these limitations: we think that we see the world as it really is, but our ostensibly reliable visual experience (ii)<u>______</u> striking mental (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. impatient with|D. belies|G. feats|
|B. unaware of|E. unifies|H. images|
|C. distracted by|F. dispels|I. lapses|

6.  Most advocates of space exploration by the United States would not explicitly associate spaceflight with (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>, yet that belief, Launius and McCurdy write, is among the roots of arguments (ii)<u>______</u>human spaceflight. Throughout United States history there has been (iii)<u>______</u> —seek utopia—on the frontier, and many space advocates have used that notion to make their case for exploring and settling space.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. entertainment|D. questioning|G. a hostile region fit only for the most self-reliant|
|B. irrationality|E. analyzing|H. the ideal location for one to better oneself|
|C. utopia|F. prompting|I. a paradise corrupted by European civilization|

7.  The sociologist argued that criminal behavior is an impermanent condition because it is the result of cyclical forces operating through <u>______</u> factors, not the manifestation of deeply rooted personal characteristics.

A.  contingent
B.  alarming
C.  [[circumstantial]]
D.  proliferating
E.  unsustainable
F. intensifying

8.  British critics covering African American musicians performing in London in the 1910s had little idea how to distinguish what was authentic African American music from what was <u>______</u>, but they knew such a distinction existed.

A.  eclectic
B.  genuine
C.  derivative
D.  spurious
E.  legitimate
F. [[specious]]

9.  Any antimatter in our part of the universe is necessarily <u>______</u> because of the overwhelming preponderance of ordinary matter, by which antimatter is quickly annihilated.

A.  short-lived
B.  nebulous
C.  scarce
D.  concrete
E.  substantial
F. [[ephemeral]]

10.  There are great <u>______</u> in countries’ greenhouse gas emissions, especially in per capita terms: while the United States and China are similar in aggregate emissions, United States per capita emissions are a huge multiple of China’s.

A.  distortions
B.  disparities
C.  fluctuations
D.  advances
E.  variances
F. vacillations

time: 10'06''
## section 74 median

1.  Many legislators who helped Roosevelt shape the New Deal <u>______</u> the fact that emerging social problems affected every segment of the population; nonetheless, they often acted with a view to aiding only their own constituents.

A.  disregarded
B.  [[bemoan]]ed
C.  ignored
D.  disputed
E.  downplayed

2.  One thing both authors have in common is a striking amount of <u>______</u>: they claim to know how massive institutions, some of them richly endowed, all of them central to American society and culture, should be reshaped.

A.  [[hubris]]
B.  propriety
C.  bias
D.  prescience
E.  [[indolence]]

3.  The novel’s heroine shows a remarkable (i)<u>______</u> to worship at the altar of youth; in her world, youth is (ii)<u>______</u>, while age, by contrast, confers competence and wisdom.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. disinclination|D. [[incredulous]]|
|B. desire|E. [[sagacious]]|
|C. tendency|F. [[callow]]|

4.  The humor in this play derives from its (i)<u>______</u>. The new production, however, inexplicably goes in the opposite direction; it is so (ii)<u>______</u> that the audience does not even seem to realize that the play is supposed to be a comedy.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. verbal nimbleness|D. accessible|
|B. political allusions|E. plodding|
|C. deadpan dialogue|F. implausible|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark>  Recently released statistics on the prevalence of heart disease in the United States, while (i)<u>______</u>, nevertheless reflect a decline from heights reached in the 1960s, before health officials began publicly (ii)<u>______</u> people to guard against heart disease.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. definitive|D. entreating|
|B. sobering|E. defying|
|C. implausible|F. absolving|

6.  Cultures can shape attitudes and beliefs in ways that (i)<u>______</u>conscious awareness or control; in other words, cultural orientations may develop form processes that do not entail (ii)<u>______</u> participation, and cultures may pervade subtle psychological dynamics in ways that individuals may not be able to (iii)<u>______</u>. Thus, theories and tools developed to study implicit cognition may increase our understanding of the complex interplay between culture and individuals.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. operate outside of|D. active|G. report|
|B. tend to facilitate|E. random|H. maintain|
|C. may not alter|F. rote|I. condone|

7.  Although people often describe the correct trajectory for a thrown or moving object, their efforts to explain that trajectory in terms of physics can reveal <u>______</u> understanding of the forces acting on the object.

A.  a naïve
B.  a subtle
C.  a [[fallacious]]
D.  an unsophisticated
E.  a nuanced
F. a fresh

8.  Appearing in the midst of so many equivocal comments, this unambiguous statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as <u>______</u>.

A.  anomalous
B.  arcane
C.  irrelevant
D.  superfluous
E.  unusual
F. esoteric

9.  For decades, Pluto seemed to be the mysteriously <u>______</u> planet: it was first thought to be about as large as Earth, but, subsequently, measurements had it smaller and smaller.

A.  morphing
B.  appearing
C.  dwindling
D.  orbiting
E.  contracting
F. emerging

10.  Science is arguably a very high-minded pursuit, but that is not to say that all of its practitioners are <u>______</u>, as numerous articles alleging overly generous pharmaceutical industry payments to medical researchers have tried to show.

A.  conventional
B.  clever
C.  unimpeachable
D.  ingenious
E.  blameless
F. predictable

time: 8'52''
## section 75 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>  Since the [[deficit]] predicament is fundamentally a long-term problem, the legislature’s<u>______</u> short- term approaches has actually compounded the difficulty in each succeeding year, eroding the state credit rating in the process.

A.  [[vexation]] regarding
B.  skepticism about
C.  addiction to
D.  wariness of
E.  [[demonization]] of

2.  His <u>______</u> speaking style notwithstanding, William Perkins has long been seen as the moderate face of his political party.

A.  genteel
B.  mundane
C.  affable
D.  captivating
E.  [[vehement]]

3.  I knew well, from experience with hundreds of hired crew members on her boats, how (i)<u>______</u> attitudes can be: how one negative influence can impel an otherwise (ii)<u>______</u> member of a crew to quit.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. insipid|D. untested|
|B. infectious|E. captious|
|C. innocuous|F. contented|

4.  The question whether children like sweetener or not is (i)<u>______</u>. Of course children like sweetener, which is (ii)<u>______</u> to sellers, since children’s taste will not change once they are used to a certain brand.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. debated|D. a pragmatic solution|
|B. decided|E. a commercial advantage|
|C. overlooked|F. an idealistic conception|

5.  The new drug was useful, but unfortunately its effect was largely (i)<u>______</u> rather than (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. placatory|D. immediate|
|B. palliative|E. curative|
|C. addictive|F. mollifying|

6.  In adolescence, (i)<u>______</u>interactions are crucial in forging a self-identity. To be sure, this process often plays out in (ii)<u>______</u>as a means of defining and shoring up the sense of self. Kids will seek out like-minded companions, and spurn others who seem different. But when kept within reasonable bounds, this in-group (iii)<u>______</u>generally evolves into a more mature friendship pattern.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. adult|D. cliquish social behavior|G. alienation|
|B. wide-ranging|E. dramatic changes in personality|H. clustering|
|C. peer|F. heightened sociability|I. competition|

7.  Experiments show that it is shockingly easy to elicit a sense of <u>______</u> among a group of strangers: just tell them they’ll be working as a team, and they immediately start working as a team.

A.  dominance
B.  hierarchy
C.  obedience
D.  [[solidarity]]
E.  [[camaraderie]]
F. optimism

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark>  Typefaces, in one sense, are just like styles of shoes: they <u>______</u> because different people have different tastes and identities and because both creators and users value novelty for its own sake.

A.  [[bemuse]]
B.  [[converge]]
C.  proliferate
D.  [[abound]]
E.  evolve
F. coincide

9.  It’s a sign of John Dramani Mahama’s maturity as a writer that he is willing to consider his country’s future so <u>______</u>: his memoir is appealingly honest, given to clear-eyed assessments rather than exaggerated accounts of achievements.

A.  cheerfully
B.  dispassionately
C.  insightfully
D.  evocatively
E.  analytically
F. blithely

10.  The action in Zadie Smith’s novel _On Beauty_ is mediated by an unabashedly <u>______</u> narrator who does not hesitate to inform us, as once upon a time the narrators of novels were wont to do, how we behave in general and how society usually works.

A.  knowing
B.  [[obtrusive]]
C.  [[conspicuous]]
D.  antiquated
E.  mysterious
F. secretive

time: 9'23''
## section 76 median

1.  Like her literary heroine, George Eliot, Barbara Kingsolvers is an old-fashioned <u>______</u>, deeply curious about all branches of human learning.

A. [[prodigy]]
B. polymath
C. tyro
D. ante
E. [[philistine]]

2.  Physicists’ opinions diverge on whether the unexpected phenomena that can occur in systems more complex than individual particles represent new physical principles, or whether the principles involved are <u>______</u>, in that they rely, [[albeit]] in an extremely complicated way, on known physical principles.

A. extraneous
B. inexpressible
C. derivative
D. heterogeneous
E. uncorrelated

3.  In reviewing cases decided by lower courts, Supreme Court justices search for precedents to justify their arguments. Reliance on precedent (i)<u>______</u> judicial [[restraint]]: the precedent (ii)<u>______</u> a judge’s ability to determine the outcome of a case in a way that he or she might choose if there were no precedent.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. promotes|D. establishes|
|B. [[compromise]]s|E. constrains|
|C. [[promulgate]]s|F. prioritizes|

4.  To [[abolish]] the existence of nation-states is neither [[feasible]] nor desirable; but [[insofar as]] there are collective interests that transcend national boundaries, the (i)<u>______</u>of nation-states must be (ii)<u>______</u>to international institutions.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. sovereignty|D. subordinated|
|B. traditions|E. attributable|
|C. genealogy|F. analogous|

5.  World demand for oil had been intensified, but it slackened because China’s surge in oil consumption had (i)<u>______</u>. Moreover, high oil price had themselves started to act as a short-term (ii)<u>______</u> the global economy, thus further dampening demand.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. spread|D. spur to|
|B. commenced|E. drag on|
|C. slowed|F. panacea for|

6.  Most capuchin monkey conflict involves such a (i)<u>______</u>repertoire of gestural and vocal signals that it is difficult for researchers to tease apart the meanings of the individual signals. This (ii)<u>______</u>is (iii)<u>______</u>by the fact that many signals seem to shift in meaning according to the context in which they are produced and the developmental stage of the individuals producing them.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. precise|D. problem|G. augmented|
|B. rich|E. opportunity|H. ameliorated|
|C. straightforward|F. oversight|I. anticipated|

7.  Since the data we have analyzed are so <u>______</u>, it would be hazardous to draw a definite conclusion.

A. copious
B. overwhelming
C. abundant
D. [[meager]]
E. paltry
F. uncertain

8.  The phrase “bread and circuses” refers to early Roman politicians’ plans to <u>______</u> the votes of the poor by handing out cheap food and entertainment.

A. belie
B. surmount
C. secure
D. control
E. cherish
F. earn

9.  They applaud the musicals of the 1930s and 1940s, whose [[plethora]] of stars, jokes, dances witty dialogue, and general gaiety make today’s offering seem <u>______</u> by comparison.

A. cheerless
B. [[vacuous]]
C. [[mirthful]]
D. insincere
E. [[gloomy]]
F. [[jovial]]

10.  It may not seem like a big deal for produce distributors to mix together soybeans from different farms, but a growing number of buyers are willing to pay a premium for soybeans the <u>______</u> of which is know: they like to know exactly where their food came from.

A. purity
B. output
C. heterogeneity
D. origin
E. yield
F. provenance

time: 8'13''
## section 77 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> In an ironic [[twist]], the recent <u>______</u> of the reductive observational methods that have enabled science to progress for four centuries may turn out to be science’s biggest step forward.

A. introduction
B. validation
C. acceptance
D. standardization
E. questioning

2. Even though the municipal government was not totally <u>______</u> the positive review of the charter, the mayor nevertheless decided to [[veto]] the laws.

A. garrulous about
B. enthusiastic about
C. sanguine about
D. approbatory to
E. [[unsympathetic]] with

3. The virtual absence of cougars from late prehistoric faunas in the North American Great Basin (i)<u>______</u> a general scarcity of carnivores from these sites: bobcats, coyotes, and badgers are routinely found, and even such historically (ii)<u>______</u> carnivores as bears and wolves are found as well.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. largely parallels|D. widespread|
|B. does not reflect|E. rare|
|C. is a consequence of|F. representative|

4. Interest in creating handheld computers is fueled by the desire to shrink the size of the electronic circuitry and to create exceptionally small mechanical systems. At this scale, however, physical (i)<u>______</u> poses unique challenges. Machining, positioning, and assembling parts by hand are easy at macroscopic scales but at minute scales they are far from (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[deterioration]]|D. subtle|
|B. manipulation|E. inflexible|
|C. durability|F. routine|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The introductions to each section, written by the editors of the anthology, provide useful background material, but they do not provide analysis of the articles. Because the articles are in many senses the editors’ personal favorites, it is probably (i)<u>______</u> to expect more such criticism would be as (ii)<u>______</u> as the articles themselves.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. juvenile|D. biased|
|B. paradoxical|E. complex|
|C. unrealistic|F. informative|

6. Given children’s active fantasy lives, one might think of truthfulness as (i)<u>______</u>virtue in young children, but it turns out that lying is the more (ii)<u>______</u>skill. A child who is going to lie must recognize the truth, intellectually conceive of an alternate reality, and be able to convincingly sell that new reality to someone else. Therefore, lying (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>cognitive development and social skills in a way that honesty simply does not.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. an instinctive|D. advanced|G. undermines|
|B. an acquired|E. practical|H. forgoes|
|C. a conscious|F. mundane|I. demands|

7. The book reaffirms the idea that Africans on the continent have not stopped <u>______</u> or responding to their own creations; in fact, African creative agents have [[ushered]] in their own modern forms rooted in traditional ideas.

A. exposing
B. detecting
C. absorbing
D. noticing
E. generating
F. originating

8. Flash floods are common in desert regions and were widespread before the evolution of trees and woodland soils; in contrast, flash floods are <u>______</u> in woodlands, where floodwaters, impeded by trees, form ponds.

A. overshadowed
B. redirected
C. obscured
D. [[preclude]]d
E. mitigated
F. [[abate]]d

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> A formal floods resulting from usual monsoon rainfall are <u>______</u> the growth of plants, recently there has been an increase in the frequency of highly intensified floods that do not have such welcome effects.

A. [[conducive]] to
B. hindered by
C. devastating for
D. deleterious to
E. essential for
F. indispensable to

10. Those who read Empson’s correspondence for the first time may be disappointed that so much of it is professional rather than personal, but the distinction in this case is<u>______</u>: every letter bears the full stamp of Empson’s personality.

A. unambiguous
B. artificial
C. significant
D. spurious
E. [[clear-cut]]
F. unique
  
time； 10'48''