---
created: 2023-08-24 15:53:01
updated: 2023-08-24 15:53:04
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec94-100
---
# 【填空】Sec94-100

## section 94 median

1. For the ancient Egyptians, inequality in human society was not <u>______</u> nature; in other words, existing differences—between rich and poor, strong and weak—were not viewed as a necessary part of the natural order of things.

A. superseded by
B. detectable in
C. ameliorated by
D. inherent in
E. excluded from

2. It was quite <u>______</u> for Sir Isaac Newton to believe in alchemy—most of the experimental scientists of his era did.

A. unethical
B. brave
C. [[pretentious]]
D. reasonable
E. controversial

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Trying to fix problems that affect vast numbers of people has an intuitive appeal that politicians and policymakers find (i)<u>______</u> , but several warehouses of research studies show that intuition is often a poor guide to fixing (ii) <u>______</u> problems.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. logical|D. localized|
|B. irresistible|E. systemic|
|C. off-putting|F. theoretical|

4. This book, a more (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> version of a highly technical report, is designed for the layperson, yet it is nothing if not (ii)<u>______</u>: it grapples with very complex questions about the world economy.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. accessible|D. ambitious|
|B. professional|E. popular|
|C. formidable|F. persuasive|

5. Anthony Kenny states that although his A New History of Western Philosophy is intended for undergraduates, he aimed to write it in a lighthearted manner that will give (i)<u>______</u> to those who read the history “not for curricular purposes but for their own enjoyment”. His book is certainly enlightening, and although the bibliography includes technical works liable to (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> the newcomer, the work is written at a level that generally (iii)<u>______</u> between elementary and advanced.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. solace|D. baffle|G. strikes a good balance|
|B. pleasure|E. initiate|H. makes fine distinctions|
|C. offense|F. suit|I. rejects the difference|

6. Substantial atmosphere around planetary bodies acts as (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>incoming objects. Smaller objects, particularly those that are lower in density and more fragile, (ii)<u>______</u>in the upper reaches of the atmosphere, whereas more intact, larger bodies may survive to impact the surface. Thus, relative to large craters, small craters are much less (iii)<u>______</u>on bodies with dense atmosphere, such as Earth, Venus, and Titan, than they are on Mercury and Moon.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. effective obscurers of|D. vaporize|G. unusual|
|B. significant filters to|E. proliferate|H. persistent|
|C. impenetrable barriers against|F. agglomerate|I. common|

7. Many scholars studying leadership <u>______</u> cult of the celebrity that has been fostered both by the media and by politicians’ public relations staffs, arguing that it trivialized politics.

A. [[abet]]
B. [[decry]]
C. question
D. analyze
E. countenance
F. condemn

8. Experimentation in the arts often generates befuddlement, and even <u>______</u> of innovative art generally have voiced perplexity regarding this new, experimental artwork.

A. proponents
B. vilifiers
C. defenders
D. belittlers
E. vendors
F. luminaries

9. The sailors realized too late that winds had shifted the ice in such a way as to obstruct the ship’s path; this process had been so <u>______</u> that it was completed by the time they discovered the effect.

A. [[gradual]]
B. negligible
C. unpredictable
D. time-consuming
E. inconsequential
F. imperceptible

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> What makes the precisely oriented flight of a honeybee swarm to its new home so <u>______</u> is that only a small percentage of its members know the swarm travel route and final destination.

A. exact
B. unpredictable
C. amazing
D. [[erratic]]
E. reliable
F. wondrous

time: 10'39''

## section 95 median

1. Some minor misgivings about the book notwithstanding, the editor’s claim that the work will be recognized as “the authoritative history of sports for this era” is thoroughly <u>______</u>.

A. absurd
B. undemonstrated
C. credible
D. outlandish
E. researched

2. In the 1630s, directors of the Dutch West India Company received reports of minor problems from their agents with <u>______</u>, as the company was wealthy enough not to be overly concerned about small frustrations.

A. trepidation
B. consternation
C. gratitude
D. equanimity
E. exhilaration

3. Even though the idea that medical research should be rigorously objective is (i)<u>______</u> one in the medical community, the editors of medical journals often display a disquieting (ii)<u>______</u> when it comes to articles submitted by researchers who accept money from the makers of the products they evaluate in their research; editors rarely ask whether that research is truly disinterested.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. a neglected|D. capriciousness|
|B. an uncontroversial|E. [[credulity]]|
|C. an unproductive|F. stringency|

4. Making the shift to the 90-nanometer manufacturing process has been (i)<u>______</u> for semiconductor companies. This process effectively doubles the manufacturing capacity of the industry, but it (ii)<u>______</u> enormous technical challenges because some components of the new semiconductor chips are no more than five to seven molecule thick.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. an unanticipated boon|D. circumvents|
|B. a routine accomplishment|E. entails|
|C. a significant struggle|F. resolves|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> An invasive creeping weed native to the Mediterranean region, Cirsium arvense has been present in Yellowstone National Park at least since the nineteen century. Because of its extensive root system, the plant defies attempts to (i)<u>______</u> it by normal methods, and consequently, park officials have (ii)<u>______</u> efforts to do so. Warming temperature have also (iii)<u>______</u> of the thistle’s fortune.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. control|D. largely abandoned|G. helped|
|B. study|E. recently reinitiated|H. undermined|
|C. nourish|F. increasingly promoted|I. illuminated|

6. Marie Tharp’s mapping of the ocean floor, which was based on a mass of previously unanalyzed measurements of ocean depth, did not depend on (i)<u>______</u>but on (ii)<u>______</u> : she (iii) the sea floor’s contours by marrying the voluminous but incomplete data with her knowledge of geology.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. rote work|D. serendipity|G. inferred|
|B. analytical prowess|E. extrapolation|H. detected|
|C. empirical knowledge|F. collaboration|I. reconstituted|

7. The proposition that foraging Native Americans studied the skies is   : anthropological evidence demonstrates, for example, that the Chumash Indians counted the lunar cycles and established the times of the solstices.

A. unquestionable
B. unremarkable
C. undeniable
D. unprecedented
E. unexceptional
F. unparalleled

8. In the nineteenth century, the circus, for all its glitz and even its glamour, was entertainment with an old soul, <u>______</u> the fast-forward pace of change in modern life.

A. a forerunner of
B. an antidote to
C. a respite from
D. a break from
E. a precursor to
F. a rebuke to

9. Sokari Douglas Camp was <u>______</u> in the early 1990s by many of London’s commercially driven art dealers and galleries, some of whom apparently found her themes difficult to market.

A. criticized
B. lionized
C. misrepresented
D. neglected
E. forsaken
F. eulogized

10. It is troubling that blogs, which may be among the least reliable sources of information in human history, occupy such <u>______</u> positions in Internet search engine results

A. enviable
B. [[conspicuous]]
C. suspect
D. [[dubious]]
E. controversial
F. prominent

time: 12'41''

## section 96 median

1. The anthropologist <u>______</u> the claim that the Neanderthal remains must represent an immediate family because they belong to the same mitochondrial lineage, noting that some chimpanzees with identical mitochondrial are not closely related.

A. misapplied
B. [[query|queried]]
C. expanded
D. substantiated
E. [[surmise|surmised]]

2. While the current coffee craze was sparked by the emergence of flavorful, high-quality gourmet varieties, a slew of studies suggesting that concerns about coffee’s health effects may be <u>______</u> has nurtured the trend.

A. underemphasized
B. exacerbated
C. unfounded
D. documented
E. recapitulated

3. In a sharp blow to his reputation as (i)<u>______</u> leader, the evidence that the mayor has recently been involved in malfeasance seems to be (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. a partisan|D. fabricated|
|B. an unsuccessful|E. sound|
|C. an exemplary|F. dubious|

4. As climate change alters ecosystems, the winners are going to be the (i)<u>______</u> foragers, likes grizzlies that eat everything from ants to moose, and the losers are going to be those species that are too (ii)<u>______</u> to adjust.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. adaptive|D. specialized|
|B. persistent|E. hierarchical|
|C. anomalous|F. voracious|

5. The Golden Gates Bridge has been quite (i)<u>______</u> by most aesthetic and functional criteria. However, as a structure it has had some limitations. Shortly after it opened, its roadway proved to be (ii)<u>______</u> under certain wind conditions, so it was stiffened. The additional steel that provided that stiffening naturally added weight to the structure, and this made it (iii)<u>______</u> later to add a proposed rail system beneath the roadway.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. inadequate|D. quite noisy|G. unnecessary|
|B. unusual|E. overly flexible|H. impossible|
|C. successful|F. dangerously windswept|I. feasible|

6. The prime minister underestimates the [[unfatigued|fatigued]] that her continual (i)<u>______</u>induces, even among those who are largely (ii)<u>______</u>her aims. Constantly referring to the bold challenges and tremendous opportunities that she and the country face, the prime minister insists that she is (iii)<u>______</u>the country, when most people would be grateful if she succeeded just in improving it a bit.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. complaining|D. sympathetic to|G. deliberately analyzing|
|B. diffidence|E. confused by|H. radically transforming|
|C. overclaiming|F. troubled by|I. slowly fine-turning|

7. Considering that space travel was science fiction only decades ago, we should be extremely reluctant to proclaim an idea forever technologically infeasible unless that idea <u>______</u> some hard physical constraint.

A. violates
B. contravenes
C. overcomes
D. transcends
E. utilizes
F. introduces

8. The actor’s part in the film turned out to be <u>______</u>: he had only one line, and by the time the film appeared in theaters, even that line had been removed.

A. misunderstood
B. mandatory
C. intriguing
D. fascinating
E. trivial
F. inessential

9. Although <u>______</u> to please his audiences, Mozart was, at the same time, fully aware of his musical genius and had no intention of compromising his music.

A. disposed
B. loath
C. disinclined
D. eager
E. keen
F. compelled

10. It is true that science, and more particularly scientists, <u>______</u> cherished paradigms with great reluctance and that when they do, scientific revolutions may result.

A. unify
B. share
C. cede
D. [[embrace]]
E. [[dismantle]]
F. [[relinquish]]

time: 8'44''

## section 97 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Even months after massive storm, there remained a heavy, suspended sediment load in the surface water overlying the coral reef, the <u>______</u> water a testament to the storm’s effects.

A. [[turbid]]
B. stagnant
C. fathomless
D. turbulent
E. brackish

2. Later in the book, the author takes pains to <u>______</u> the claims she had made earlier, as though she recognizes their implausibility and wants to quell skepticism by narrowing their scope.

A. qualify
B. apply
C. reiterate
D. verify
E. jettison

3. No one (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> that building a ship powered by black holes or dark matter would be a formidable task. Yet remarkably there seems to be nothing in our present understanding of physics that (ii)<u>______</u> our doing so.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. believes|D. anticipates|
|B. admits|E. necessitates|
|C. disputes|F. precludes|

4. Because the writer emphasizes the (i)<u>______</u> of certain engineers whose contributions have been overlooked, her history of technology will not, like many of its predecessors, be a survey (ii)<u>______</u> the most celebrated achievements in the field.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. mediocrity|D. comprising|
|B. importance|E. underestimating|
|C. anonymity|F. downplaying|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> It is only recently that emotion has attracted any substantial scholar attention, with historians lagging behind anthropologists, sociologists, and philosophers in their willingness to (i)<u>______</u> emotion as subject worthy of scholarly attention. In the past, scholars viewed emotion as a natural and essential force that (ii)<u>______</u> analysis—a strictly private matte—and therefore (iii)<u>______</u> social life and the stuff of research.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. recognize|D. enlivened|G. requisite for|
|B. overlook|E. defied|H. extraneous to|
|C. repudiate|F. [[sustain]]ed|I. synonymous with|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> The art of letter writing is like the art of acting in that it is the impression of (i)<u>______</u> which usually makes a performance convincing. Great letter writers, like great actors, have a gift for (ii) <u>______</u>  , for the here and now, the depth of expression depending on its closeness to actual processes of thought. By these criteria Ellen Terry was a remarkable letter writer indeed: her letters invariably have an air of (iii)<u>______</u> .

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. spontaneity|D. compassion|G. confidence|
|B. mastery|E. exaggeration|H. improvisation|
|C. sympathy|F. immediacy|I. sensitivity|

7. Patterson thought the waste leaking into the river was <u>______</u> situation: by contrast, judging from their silence on the matter, the owners of the factory felt the problem did not require immediate action.

A. a lingering
B. a convoluted
C. a pressing
D. an enervating
E. an exigent
F. an intricate

8. Some historians represent the East India Company as <u>______</u> participant in political and military conflict in India, only taking an interest in territorial power and revenue as a last-ditch effort to protect its trading activities.

A. a [[shrewd]]
B. an ineffectual
C. an irregular
D. a canny
E. a reluctant
F. an unwilling

9. Very few companies take the trouble to discover where the wood in their products originates, consumers do not demand this information, and consequently<u>______</u>regarding illicit timber has become the norm.

A. greed
B. indifference
C. outrage
D. timidity
E. [[apprehension]]
F. [[apathy]]

10. Scientists are investigating odors so [[faint]] that people cannot <u>______</u> them in order to see whether such odors can nevertheless change the way people interact.

A. tolerate
B. endure
C. avoid
D. dispel
E. detect
F. discern
  
## section 98 hard

1. By cosmic standards, Earth and its fellow terrestrial planets are chemical <u>______</u>: they consist of primarily four elements (iron, magnesium, silicon, and oxygen) that are rare elsewhere in the universe.

A. prototypes
B. mavericks
C. malefactors
D. paragons
E. old-timers

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> Because of the newspaper’s <u>______</u> joint bylines, lots of reporters were compelled to do anonymous work on stories credited to other people.

A. toleration of
B. aversion to
C. instigation of
D. endorsement of
E. leniency toward

3. While the philosopher was known for valuing (i)<u>______</u> in the classroom, she was also, by contrast, a scrupulous and patient reviser, who (ii)<u>______</u> her lectures for print.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. predictability|D. superficially proofread|
|B. spontaneity|E. haphazardly adapted|
|C. correctness|F. laboriously reworked|

4. Catherine the Great comes across in her memoirs as (i)<u>______</u> ruler with a razor-sharp intellect, letting nothing stand in the way of her ambitions. In short, the impression the memoirs give is entirely in accord with her reputation for being (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. an oblivious|D. ambivalent|
|B. an uncompromising|E. benevolent|
|C. a moralistic|F. formidable|

5. Despite the (i)<u>______</u> in negotiations apparently signaled by the recent agreement between the two neighboring countries, the countries remain (ii)<u>______</u> even about the import of that agreement. One wants to prolong agreed—to resumption of limited cross—border traffic, believing it can become entrenched as a new status quo. The other, by contrast, insists that the resumption is (iii)<u>______</u> and has been undertaken voluntarily and [[provisional]]ly in order to show goodwill.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. progress|D. unreconciled|G. requisite|
|B. stalemate|E. vague|H. temporary|
|C. setbacks|F. flexible|I. advantageous|

6. One of the fundamental problems with learning mathematics is that while the number sense may be (i)<u>______</u>, exact calculation requires cultural tools—symbols and algorithms—that are relatively new and must therefore be absorbed by areas of the brain designed for other purposes, which is easier when what we are learning (ii)<u>______</u>our built-in circuitry. With an understanding of it we can at least (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>our teaching methods by reflecting on the constraints it imposes.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. innate|D. harmonizes with|G. preserve|
|B. modern|E. [[intrude]]s on|H. discard|
|C. complex|F. goes beyond|I. adapt|

7. The tribes’ <u>______</u> a [[settled]] mode of living was derived from their long-standing traditions, which, though differing from one tribal group to another, always included a resistance to [[nomadic]] lifestyles.

A. curiosity about
B. proclivity toward
C. predilection for
D. unfamiliarity with
E. rejection of
F. disdain for

8. In politics, tactical calculations about which groups a candidate should appeal to are never pleasant, but they are not always <u>______</u>, and sometimes they are necessary.

A. injudicious
B. [[sleazy]]
C. effective
D. [[sordid]]
E. useful
F. exceptional

9. The spacecraft’s considerable heft forces an unusually <u>______</u> route that [[meander]]s through the solar system and depends on the gravitational pull of three heavenly bodies.

A. predetermined
B. circuitous
C. indirect
D. truncated
E. shortened
F. sequential

10. According to some political analysts, the candidate’s occasionally rambling responses to questions suggest that she has been out of circulation for a while and her debating skills need to be <u>______</u>.

A. honed
B. discredited
C. enhanced
D. reevaluated
E. remedied
F. de-emphasized

time: 9'45''

## section 99 hard

1. Although most of the lakes have merged, salinity levels are not <u>______</u> throughout the lake systems: an upward-trending salinity gradient extends southeast from Pelican Lake to East Stump Lake, a distance of nearly 80 kilometers.

A. known
B. equable
C. rising
D. problematic
E. unprecedented

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The novel presents him as a man who monitors his state of mind and emotions as though he were doing so <u>______</u>, taking and thinking about himself as if he were someone else.

A. guiltily
B. instinctively
C. furtively
D. heedlessly
E. externally

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The prosecutor belied his [[hard-boiled]] reputation by submitting (i)<u>______</u> queries to the witness and accepting in turn (ii)<u>______</u> responses.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. innocuous|D. evasive|
|B. quizzical|E. elaborate|
|C. impertinent|F. informative|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Proffering one increasingly [[improbable]] scene character after another, (i)<u>______</u> by the constraint of realism, the novel revels in this (ii)<u>______</u> by ever more brazenly defying its readers’ presumed expectations.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. untrammeled|D. exiguity|
|B. liberated|E. ponderousness|
|C. confined|F. implausibility|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Logically, one might assume that the nostalgia in which Guzman engages at times in his documentary about Chilean history would be (i)<u>______</u> critical reflection and thus leave the film intellectually [[flaccid]]. This conclusion would be (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>, however, insofar as not all nostalgia necessarily results in a (iii)<u>______</u> of critical thought.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. a motive for|D. hasty|G. reappropriation|
|B. a marker of|E. dilatory|H. distillation|
|C. an impediment to|F. warranted|I. stagnation|

6. Sometimes the criteria that are used to categorize nation-states are purely factual: for example, the denotation of a state as a coastal state or an inland state. But most state labels have a predominantly (i)<u>______</u>character. Labels such as failed state or democratic state tend to be accepted only by those who (ii)<u>______</u>the assumptions that (iii)<u>______</u>such a marker.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. [[pejorative]]|D. share|G. are necessarily distorted by|
|B. functional|E. flout|H. constitute the basis of|
|C. evaluative|F. transcend|I. rarely make reference to|

7. Until 1992, microprocessor types were identified by number, and for a long time they were considered so <u>______</u> that manufacturers would share design specifications for them.

A. fungible
B. interchangeable
C. perishable
D. integral
E. inimitable
F. essential

8. The apparent simplicity of savanna or a prairie landscape is illusory, but the illusion takes real effort to <u>______</u> because much of what actually occurs in these places takes place underground.

A. [[dispel]]
B. [[acknowledge]]
C. confirm
D. disavow
E. [[dismiss]]
F. [[perceive]]

9. Lustig’s critics argue that what makes him a compelling public speaker is his practice of citing evidence that is merely suggestive in support of a claim and insisting that this evidence is <u>______</u>.

A. invaluable
B. irrelevant
C. [[indubitable]]
D. immaterial
E. insignificant
F. incontrovertible

10. The series of documentaries certainly does not promote the country’s recent diplomatic initiatives; in fact, some of the films appear to be <u>______</u> those initiatives.

A. [[commendation]]s of
B. [[Vocab/irreparable|reparation]]s of
C. [[tribute]]s to
D. rationalizations of
E. [[denounce|denunciations]] of
F. [[indict]]ments of

time: 11'43''

## section 100 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The professor’s tendency to [[commandeer]] faculty meetings to promote her personal agenda quickly inspired resentment among other faculty, who objected to such <u>______</u>.

A. appropriation
B. obfuscation
C. caviling
D. vacillation
E. [[cronyism]]

2. The assumption that children learn about science primarily in the classroom is so <u>______</u> that few scientists, educators or policymakers question it, despite an ever-growing body of evidence demonstrating that most science is learnt outside of school.

A. tenuous
B. subtle
C. irrefutable
D. pervasive
E. misconstrued

3. Far from (i)<u>______</u> corporate influence on the academy, Taylor would like to see more of it; he is particularly (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> the idea of universities partnering with for-profit companies to sell online courses.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. decrying|D. enamored of|
|B. presuming|E. judicious about|
|C. investigating|F. unnerved by|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The shift from extraction to cultivation in forestry involves transforming the production of trees into a source of industrial productivity, leading to a greater degree of (i)<u>______</u> between biophysical nature on the one hand and industry on the other. In the process, nature is increasingly (ii)<u>______</u> industry and science.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. separation|D. excluded from|
|B. antagonism|E. appropriated by|
|C. entanglement|F. superfluous to|

5. Appreciating that mathematical notation presents a major roadblock to many students, some well-meaning educators (i)<u>______</u> them by (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> the use of notation; but this is an unfortunate detour, since practice with notation (iii)<u>______</u> the important skill of reasoning.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. enrich|D. mandating|G. compromises|
|B. discourage|E. accelerating|H. promotes|
|C. accommodate|F. minimizing|I. circumvents|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Having an intense and long-standing culture of (i)<u>______</u>, the company understandably has a reputation as the supreme corporate (ii)<u>______</u>. But even by these standard, the degree of secrecy surrounding the company’s most recent research is (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. impropriety|D. anachronism|G. remarkable|
|B. progress|E. abomination|H. predictable|
|C. privacy|F. enigma|I. counterproductive|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> If Wilson’s article style changed overtime, it was in the wrong retrograde direction, <u>______</u> experimentation and inclining toward works that seemed hobbled by a fear of risk.

A. [[belabor]]ing
B. shunning
C. [[eschew]]ing
D. overemphasizing
E. misconstruing
F. mocking

8. Considering how difficult it is to prove or disprove the existence of life on Mars, which is practically our neighbor, it is quite <u>______</u> challenge to do the same for any Earthlike planets that might exist outside our solar system.

A. a formidable
B. an impossible
C. a hopeless
D. a [[daunting]]
E. an urgent
F. an immediate

9. While it’s hard to know for sure, I suspect that the well-known authority’s silence on this contentious topic reflects the cautious <u>______</u> of a sensible scientist confronted with mixed data and mountains of speculation.

A. neutrality
B. [[impartial]]ity
C. optimism
D. diffidence
E. commitment
F. buoyancy

10. Very few companies take the trouble to discover where the wood in their products originate; consumers do not demand this information, and consequently<u>______</u>regarding illicit timber has become the norm.

A. greed
B. indifference
C. outrage
D. timidity
E. apprehension
F. apathy
  
