---
created: 2023-08-16 14:51:03
updated: 2023-08-16 17:45:40
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec63-67
---
# 【填空】Sec63-67

## section 63 median

1. Anthropologist Jane Goodall was <u>______</u> in her determination to anthropomorphize the animals she observed with such empathy, and so resisted her editors’ attempt to recast her descriptions in more [[dispassionate]] language.

A. fickle
B. [[stalwart]]
C. [[solicitous]]
D. pretentious
E. [[whimsical]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> Although New York exhilarated him, even at first Leger’s reaction to it was not <u>______</u>: he was initially bothered by its stunning verticality.

A. unspontaneous
B. unintentional
C. unqualified
D. unhopeful
E. uninterested

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> While in their consideration of the unique way athletics and academics are combined in United States universities, Markovits and Rensmann do not (i)<u>______</u> Gumbrecht’s idealizing vision of the compatibility of college athletics with the intellectual missions of institutions of higher learning, neither do they regard college athletics as (ii)<u>______</u>: they believe that big-time sports have a rightful place in university life.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. fully endorse|D. indispensable|
|B. intentionally recapitulate|E. venal|
|C. entirely misconstrue|F. profitable|

4. The description of humans as having an internal clock is not a (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. Or rather, it is—you do not have a tiny watch in your cerebellum—but it also refers to (ii)<u>______</u>, a specialized bundle of cells that regulates cyclical processes.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. euphemism|D. an elusive psychological phenomenon|
|B. cliché|E. a standard literary trope|
|C. metaphor|F. a real biological feature|

5. Human-caused disturbances, such as habitat destruction and the introduction of nonnative species, are among the leading causes of plant and animal population declines. Most populations are affected by a combination of adverse human pressures, each of which is in itself insufficient to (i)<u>______</u> a population crash. Therefore, studies of population declines that (ii)<u>______</u> individual factors and thus (iii)<u>______</u> potential interactions may lead to improper management of declining species.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. delay|D. integrate|G. exaggerate|
|B. trigger|E. focus on|H. overlook|
|C. offset|F. ignore|I. anticipate|

6. Movement from bottom to top, from poor to rich, was rare, even movement from poor to middle class was (i)<u>______</u>. Statistical analysis of trends in occupation, income, and property ownership, Thernstrom wrote, “yielded rather (ii)<u>______</u>conclusions about social [[mobility]] in nineteenth-century America.” So we might expect Thernstrom to be suspicious now of claims that differences in class could be (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>if only the public schools did a better job.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. an anomaly|D. multifaceted|G. distinguished|
|B. a [[cinch]]|E. pessimistic|H. misapprehended|
|C. a conjecture|F. unsophisticated|I. obliterated|

7. A small degree of <u>______</u> is always desirable in a published diary. A sense of authenticity is seldom worth the diarist’s questionable grammar or careless phrasing.

A. characterization
B. emendation
C. documentation
D. revision
E. substantiation
F. individualization

8. In his heyday, Sonny Bono’s role in public was <u>______</u>: he was an accomplished lyricist, a mayoral success story, delegate from Palm Springs, and the husband of an internationally acclaimed vocalist.

A. [[protean]]
B. versatile
C. pedestrian
D. prominent
E. circumscribed
F. illustrious

9. Criticized for decades of overproduction in their signature line of derivative goods, Rectangle Record has [[satiate]]d the market with a <u>______</u> of repackaged old CDs, which interferes with its ability to innovate and produce new albums.

A. dearth
B. [[glut]]
C. deficiency
D. surfeit
E. abundance
F. profusion

10. His political view, harking back to the [[turmoil]] in the 1934, is a <u>______</u> with no bearing on the present.

A. prototype
B. pretense
C. [[paradigm]]
D. relic
E. contradiction
F. [[vestige]]
Time 13'53''
## section 64 median

1. Discussions of impending water shortages are often couched in apocalyptic rhetoric, yet if the language is somewhat   , the basic message is sound: water is indeed scarce and growing scarcer.

A. abstract
B. complacent
C. ambiguous
D. unfamiliar
E. overblown

2. Medieval cathedrals still stand as marvels of architecture, but as far as modern science is concerned, medieval physics and chemistry are simply irrelevant, at best a dead end, at worst the very <u>______</u> of what science is supposed to be.

A. exemplar
B. glorification
C. reflection
D. dilution
E. [[antithesis]]

3. In the years prior to the Civil War, Philadelphia’s African American press encourage readers to be [[vaccinate]]d against smallpox. This journalistic campaign was initially (i)<u>______</u>, appealing to readers sense of communal duty, and became even more (ii)<u>______</u> once the war started, as smallpox outbreaks began to occur on Philadelphia’s outskirts.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[hortatory]]|D. controversial|
|B. ineffective|E. urgent|
|C. widespread|F. [[inopportune]]|

4. A hallmark of certain nineteenth-century mystery novels was the reform agenda of their authors, who ostensibly sought to expose economic injustice while depicting the [[seamy]] underside of urban life. In reality, however, these claims to a radical political agenda were often (i)    meant to give [[lurid]] thrillers the appearance of (ii)   .

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. authentic|D. escapist appeal|
|B. complicated|E. high-minded purpose|
|C. disingenuous|F. [[gripping]] suspense|

5. So (i)<u>______</u> is the reputation of the country's police for corruption and other forms of (ii)<u>______</u> that it has become a kind of tradition that every newly appointed police chief [[pledge]]s to (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> the force.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. persisted|D. [[indolence]]|G. contradict|
|B. paralyzing[[paralyze]]|E. incompetence|H. reform|
|C. unfounded|F. criminality|I. reward|

6. The wealthy donor was known for his annual acts of (i)<u>______</u>throughout the community, but even more (ii)<u>______</u> was the fact that he was willing to get his hands dirty and serve the needy through<u>______</u>hard<u>______</u>physical<u>______</u>labor<u>______</u>as<u>______</u>well<u>______</u>as<u>______</u>through<u>______</u>(iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>and<u>______</u>gifts.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. quality|D. [[laudable]]|G. effort|
|B. legacy|E. inexpressible|H. endowments|
|C. largesse|F. [[disquieting]]|I. handiwork|

7. As a critic, Nelson is noteworthy for her <u>______</u>: rather than presenting fully formed pronouncements, she is willing to let us watch as she works out her ideas.

A. generosity
B. humility
C. integrity
D. modesty
E. eloquence
F. rhetoric

8. Although in the mid-1970s nuclear power seemed [[poise]]d for a still greater role in energy supply, in fact the <u>______</u> of its prestige had already begun.

A. evaluation
B. waning
C. defense
D. undermining
E. ebbing
F. vindication

9. The women's rights movement has been mostly <u>______</u> in the Middle East, but it is likely that activists will be newly galvanized by the political upheavals currently sweeping the region.

A. subverted
B. [[quiescent]]
C. interminable
D. bootless
E. [[abeyant]]
F. feckless

10. Beatified by the Catholic Church in 1765, Italian cleric Ludovico Sabbatini is <u>______</u> each year on the day of his death, June 11.

A. [[pledge]]d
B. evoked
C. deified
D. [[venerate]]d
E. honored
F. christened

Time: 10'00''
## section 65 median

1. The physical layout of the laboratory, although well adapted to the research being pursued when it was built, was not <u>______</u>, making a thorough redesign necessary before a proposed new experimental program could be undertaken.

A. compromised
B. imprecise
C. convoluted
D. ubiquitous
E. plastic

2. Within the field of emotional intelligence research, disagreements remain about whether emotional intelligence can be learned and strengthened or is <u>______</u> characteristic.

A. an expressed
B. an inborn
C. an invented
D. a cultivated
E. a perceptible

3. Though McDonough discusses (i)<u>______</u> the filmmaker’s aesthetic principles, it is the description of the (ii)<u>______</u>, the very [[vulgar]]ity of the director’s films, rather than McDonough’s learned discourses on the aesthetics of the film, that makes the book so entertaining.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. inaccurately|D. subtle ingenuity|
|B. superficially|E. absolute discretion|
|C. adroitly|F. flagrant crassness|

4. In our daily lives, we often (i)<u>______</u> our separate identities: you can have one identity at work and another online, for example. Such (ii)<u>______</u> disappear in certain circumstances, however, resulting in a cross-pollination of our different selves.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[renounce]]|D. uncertainties|
|B. merge|E. correlations|
|C. compartmentalize|F. boundaries|

5. (i)<u>______</u> have often [[shrill]]ed that Australia’s Great Barrier Reef is dying, a result of agricultural runoff from the (ii)<u>______</u> Queensland coast. In truth, the preservation of the reef (iii)<u>______</u>, a combination of active government intervention and the beneficial effects of responsible tourism.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. apologists|D. long-abandoned|G. is based on an impracticality|
|B. optimists|E. over-farmed|H. remains a matter of controversy|
|C. scaremongers|F. well-preserved|I. is something of a success story|

6. Industry-sponsored scientific research on chemical safety often (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. Media reports regularly imply that industry support of scientific work is alone sufficient to (ii)<u>______</u>that research. Even though the source of funding has been determined to be a less significant cause of bias than other factors, industry support suffices, in the minds of many people, to (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u><u>______</u>the credibility of scientific work.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. uncovers risks|D. fund|G. adopt|
|B. [[elicit]]s skepticism|E. [[vindicate]]|H. [[vitiate]]|
|C. promotes innovation|F. invalidate|I. bolster|

7. What they see in Jimenez is the one candidate capable of decisive leadership, in stark contrast to Diaz, whose team in office has been marred by <u>______</u>.

A. defensiveness
B. corruption
C. irresolution
D. vacillation
E. belligerence
F. pugnacity

8. The research informing Gregory’s book on vegetarianism in Victorian England appears to be <u>______</u>, with a great deal of revealing detail on display and more than a third of the text taken up with footnotes.

A. uneven
B. excessive
C. exhaustive
D. mixed
E. inconsistent
F. comprehensive

9. He was a man of few words, <u>______</u> around all but his closest friends.

A. laconic
B. garrulous
C. ascetic
D. taciturn
E. tempestuous
F. ambiguous

10. There are many insights in the essay collected in Observations on modernity, but they are embedded in a dense English translation of a dense German original that may make many of them <u>______</u> to most readers.

A. [[vapid]]
B. inaccessible
C. [[sagacious]]
D. [[banal]]
E. distressing
F. [[opaque]]

Time: 7'41''
## section 66 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The cognitive flexibility of successful fictional detectives is often <u>______</u> by their cultural [[ambivalence]]: detectives’ intellectual acumen, it seems, exists in direct proportion to their uneasy place in society.

A. amplified
B. highlighted
C. spurred
D. matched
E. negated

2. Barry was a skilled <u>______</u>: though his arguments were completely flawed, they were clever- sounding enough to deceive everyone who heard them.

A. sophist
B. scholar
C. [[quibbler]]
D. doctrinaire
E. [[pedant]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> If the candidate wins the election now that [[rival]]s within his own party have (i)   him in a campaign that was (ii)   without their help, he will be mightily indebted to these self-styled saviors.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. rallied|D. foundering|
|B. separated from|E. effective|
|C. undermined|F. improving|

4. In the popular conception, (i)<u>______</u> is inextricably tied up with (ii)<u>______</u>: doing something truly creative, we are inclined to think, requires the freshness and energy of youth. Orson Welles made his masterpiece, Citizen Kane, at twenty-five, and Mozart wrote his breakthrough Piano concerto no.9 at twenty-one.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. progress|D. [[serendipity]]|
|B. genius|E. precocity|
|C. destiny|F. [[dedication]]|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Communal feeding is a remarkable behavioral aspect of this generally solitary animal. It is also a misunderstood behavior and one of the reasons is that Tasmanian devils have a bad reputation. Far from being a (i)<u>______</u>, communal devil feeding is (ii)<u>______</u> and purposeful, and is described as (iii)<u>______</u> behavior. The screaming and apparent fighting is an elaborate combination and variety of vocalizations and postures by which order is maintained.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. free-for-all|D. structured|G. innate|
|B. rarity|E. vicious|H. acquired|
|C. necessity|F. infrequent|I. ritualized|

6. The research on otters’ environmental requirements is surprisingly (i)<u>______</u>. One reason for this has to do with the estimation of how much they use different areas. Doing so may be (ii)<u>______</u>in some kinds of terrain, such as Shetland where the Eurasian otters are active in daytime and have clear individual markings. There it is possible to identify the individuals over stretches of coast of a few kilometers and to see what kinds of coast they use. However, the field conditions are (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. straightforward|D. quite problematic|G. routine|
|B. controversial|E. relatively simple|H. deceptive|
|C. difficult|F. largely unnecessary|I. exceptional|

7. It is not unusual for American eduction leaders to hold up another nation as a model for school reform: in the mid-nineteenth century, such figures <u>______</u> the professionalism and structure of the Prussian school system.

A. envied
B. imitated
C. [[hail]]ed
D. augmented
E. acclaimed
F. enhanced

8. In her career as an editor, she pruned and shaped many a writer’s <u>______</u> prose into crisp [[lucidity]].

A. [[wayward]]
B. transparent
C. errant
D. urbane
E. elegant
F. incisive

9. Philby secretly loathed the host of the party that he was attending, but it seemed <u>______</u> to say so publicly.

A. recondite
B. [[tactless]]
C. clever
D. malign
E. deft
F. [[impolitic]]

10. In American Indian art, the supposed distinction between modern and traditional was fabricated by critics, and when artists have control over interpretation of their own work, the distinction appear, happily, to have been <u>______</u>.

A. eliminated
B. reinforced
C. [[put to rest]]
D. intensified
E. recognized
F. established

Time: 9'32''
## section 67 median

1. Reading chunks of Shapiro’s verse in one sitting, it must be said, exposes the <u>______</u> nature of his writing: scads of poems are too glancing to strike a nerve, scarcely worth a second reading.

A. jejune
B. esoteric
C. corrosive
D. finicky
E. indiscreet

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The painter’s problem, like that of an author whose early literary masterpiece exhausts the themes it embodies, is how to <u>______</u> his first highly acclaimed efforts with works of comparable significance and presence.

A. combine
B. illuminate
C. realize
D. amend
E. follow

3. Harper’s draw, while (i)<u>______</u> in the United States for years, has remained (ii)<u>______</u> in London, where the public greets virtually every work with unabashed enthusiasm.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. in eclipse|D. controversial|
|B. unrivaled|E. unsurpassed|
|C. unchanged|F. unexceptional|

4. Even if the merits of the proposal are (i)<u>______</u>, faculty members may be reluctant to (ii)<u>______</u>, given their fear of offending the group that champions it.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[unparalleled]]|D. demur|
|B. dubious|E. approve|
|C. obvious|F. acquiesce|

5. Until now, old snapshots and home movies faded and crumbled and were eventually (i)<u>______</u>. Only a few precious mementos were preserved and passed along. But as photography moves into the digital realm, family albums and home videos see capable of (ii)<u>______</u>: our capacity to store them is, for all practical purposes, approaching the infinite. Is such a transformation a good thing? The natural world teaches us that (iii)<u>______</u> are vital to ecological health. Does a similar principle apply to communal memory?

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. archived|D. transmission|G. death and decay|
|B. discarded|E. immortality|H. predator and prey|
|C. reproduced|F. revolution|I. reproduction and renewal|

6. In medieval Europe, watermills were more (i)<u>______</u>than windmills. It is true that windmills could be built virtually anywhere, whereas watermills (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. However, watermills’ greater capacity and reliability provided a better (iii)<u>______</u>the money required to build the mill.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. problematic|D. were suitable only for certain locations|G. source of|
|B. profitable|E. inspired a variety of new technologies|H. adjunct to|
|C. versatile|F. required a good deal of upkeep|I. return on|

7. Despite the general <u>______</u> of Roman archaeological studies toward the major cities and their monuments, archaeology has contributed much to a better understanding of rural developments in Roman territory.

A. openness
B. indifference
C. hostility
D. animus
E. bias
F. orientation

8. Our mass media are much more fascinated by bad ideas or the failure of good ones than by successes: we drown in bad news—tales of how things went wrong--but we have only the most <u>______</u> discussion on how they might go right.

A. incisive
B. tantalizing
C. [[trenchant]]
D. cursory
E. illusory
F. perfunctory

9. A few decades ago the idea of animal morality would have been met with   ; however, recent research suggests that animals not only act altruistically but also have the capacity for empathy, forgiveness, trust, and reciprocity.

A. derision
B. resentment
C. dismissal
D. conviction
E. [[ridicule]]
F. certainty

10. At first, most of the famous fairy tales seem so implausible and so irrelevant to contemporary life that their <u>______</u> is hard to understand.

A. universality
B. persistence
C. appeal
D. ephemerality
E. survival
F. transience
  
Time: 10'21''