---
created: 2023-08-14 14:35:50
updated: 2023-08-14 15:55:44
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec41-45
---
# 【填空】Sec41-45

## section 41 hard

1. Many creative photographers were delighted to find in instant photography a mode that encouraged them to stop viewing photography as <u>______</u> and start viewing it as something they could handle with spontaneity, even derision.

A. sacrosanct
B. ephemeral
C. malleable
D. egalitarian
E. autonomous

2. Consolidating memory is not instantaneous or even <u>______</u>: every memory must be encoded and moved from short-term to long-term storage, and some of these memories are, for whatever reason, more vividly imprinted than others.

A. salutary
B. deliberate
C. sequential
D. momentary
E. inevitable

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The reclusive clergyman may have lived and died in [[melancholy]], but this doesn’t seem to have (i)<u>______</u> his genius in any way. On the contrary, we find ourselves wondering whether his genius wasn’t (ii)<u>______</u> in some mysterious way by his mood.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. influenced|D. served|
|B. hampered|E. controlled|
|C. triggered|F. identified|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The museum’s compelling new architectural exhibition looks at eleven projects around the world that have had major (i)<u>______</u> impacts despite modest budgets. It is part of (ii)<u>______</u> in the museum’s architecture and design department, which in the past has championed architecture’s artistic value over its real-world consequences.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. social|D. an emphasis on theory|
|B. aesthetic|E. a shift in philosophy|
|C. critical|F. a rejection of pragmatism|

5. Even the reader acquainted with the outlines of Pushkin’s biography will be (i)<u>______</u> the (ii)<u>______</u> so vividly conveyed in Binyon’s biography. Not only was Pushkin’s personal correspondence intercepted and his movements (iii)<u>______</u>, but Tsar Nicholas I’s decision to oversee Pushkin’s career obliged Pushkin to submit all his manuscripts for inspection.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. attracted by|D. suffocating lack of creative freedom|G. ignored|
|B. confused by|E. concern for contemporary society|H. monitored|
|C. struck by|F. underlying sense of historical change|I. commended|

6. The notion of film producers as the ogres of the movie business has proved an (i)<u>______</u>one, but according to The Producers by Tim Adler, it is not always grounded in reality. Attacking what he calls the “auteur myth”—the idea of the director as the single purveyor of art in an industry otherwise peopled with (ii)<u>______</u>—he places at the heart of his book an image of the producer, not the director, as the primary (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>force in the development and production of a movie.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. accurate|D. visionaries|G. financial|
|B. hypocritic|E. profitmongers|H. inertial|
|C. enduring|F. innocents|I. creative|

7. Her attempts to wrest fiction free from traditional constraints like plot and character were never entirely popular with readers; nonetheless, her fiction has had <u>______</u> influence on critical theory, novel, cinema, and even psychology.

A. a studied
B. a negligible
C. a [[decisive]]
D. an unmistakable
E. an insignificant
F. a restorative

8. The physics graveyard is strewn with the skeletons of failed theories, unexplained effects, and anomalous particles that briefly <u>______</u> the research spotlight, then rapidly fade from view.

A. [[douse]]
B. intensify
C. perpetuate
D. capture
E. extinguish
F. secure

9. The media have constantly [[disparage]]d the governor’s competence and have found a public only too eager to applaud their <u>______</u>.

A. assiduousness
B. stupefaction
C. mockery
D. incredulity
E. certitude
F. derision

10. Science is arguably a very high-minded pursuit, but that is not to say that all of its practitioners are <u>______</u>, as numerous articles alleging overly generous pharmaceutical industry payments to medical researchers have tried to show.

A. conventional
B. clever
C. [[unimpeachable]]
D. ingenious
E. [[blameless]]
F. predictable

time:7'46''
## section 42 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Some ethicists worry that a deeper understanding of the brain may be [[tantamount]] to<u>______</u>; if we discover that free will is an illusion of neural circuitry, how will we hold people responsible for their actions?

A. [[vindication]]
B. proscription
C. ministration
D. [[valediction]]
E. exculpation

2. Instead of demonstrating the <u>______</u> of archaeological applications of electronic remote sensing, the pioneering study became, to some skeptics, an illustration of the imprudence of interpreting sites based on virtual archaeology.

A. ubiquity
B. limitation
C. promise
D. redundancy
E. complexity

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Partly because of Lee’s skill at synthesizing (i)<u>______</u> trends drawn from many fields of study, her theories appeared to present, with [[uncanny]] aptness, ideas already (ii)<u>______</u> in the minds of her contemporaries.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. superseded|D. [[discredit]]ed|
|B. irrelevant|E. well established|
|C. emergent|F. half-formulated|

4. Recent scholarship has questioned the (i)<u>______</u> of tropical forests around the world. Archaeologists have shown, for example, that the largest contiguous tract of what was thought to be virgin rain forest in the southern Amazon had been transformed into a cultural parkland before European contact, and many of the forest islands in West Africa’s savanna forest transition zone are (ii)<u>______</u> as well.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. diversity|D. isolated|
|B. naturalness|E. endangered|
|C. sustainability|F. anthropogenic|

5. Viewing people as ‘’social atoms’’ that obey rather simple rule (which are not unlike the laws of physics), one may discover certain (i)<u>______</u>. Take, for example, the way channels emerge when people move in crowds. In the midst of initially (ii)<u>______</u> movements, one person begins to follow another—in an effort to avoid collisions—and streams of movement emerge. As more people join in, there is greater pull on others to join the flow, and the particular channels become (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. apparent contradictions|D. inflexible|G. self-defeating|
|B. unproductive tendencies|E. straightforward|H. self-aggrandizing|
|C. lawlike regulations|F. chaotic|I. self-perpetuating|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Fifty pages of footnotes, some of them presenting quite lengthy bibliographies, suggest that very few pertinent sources on the Black Arts movement in literature have (i)<u>______</u>Thompson’s search; (ii)<u>______</u>, the text makes it clear that the author’s examination of these sources has been similarly (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. eluded|D. moreover|G. valuable|
|B. characterized|E. however|H. timely|
|C. motivated|F. consequently|I. exhaustive|

7. The town’s air was consistently<u>______</u>: depending on the breeze, one might be greeted with the sour effluvia of twenty breweries, choking fumes from the coal factory, or brackish smells from the nearby river.

A. [[malodorous]]
B. toxic
C. redolent
D. benign
E. [[noisome]]
F. anodyne

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> One of the vocalists who auditioned for a leading part in the local production of Sweeney Todd seemed to prefer <u>______</u> to any attempt at producing a melody; a more unpleasant voice was hard to imagine.

A. warbling
B. imitating
C. improvising
D. shrieking
E. crooning
F. caterwauling

9. Some experts estimate that the recreational salmon fishery in British Columbia contributes more to the province’s economy than the commercial salmon fishery does—a surprising statistic given the political commercial <u>______</u> of the fishery in the province.

A. naïveté
B. prominence
C. supremacy
D. ingenuousness
E. salience
F. resurgence
 
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> In 1884, Sewall and Dow agreed to join Roosevelt in the Dakota territory for reasons that appear to have been<u>______</u>: Sewell later recalled that Roosevelt guaranteed them a share of anything made in his cattle business.

A. pecuniary
B. straightforward
C. economic
D. selfless
E. [[quixotic]]
F. [[altruistic]]

time: 11'24''
## section 43 hard

1. Of all her works, this play is the most dependent on the dramatic conventions of the author’s day: it was both the least <u>______</u> of her plays and the most commercially successful.

A. experimental
B. popular
C. formulaic
D. lucrative
E. contemporary

2. Carmen’s affection for her sister, though not <u>______</u>, was plainly too great to permit a painless departure.

A. unsteady
B. ambivalent
C. careless
D. unbounded
E. noticeable

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> It can be (i)<u>______</u> to read Margaret Fuller’s travel writing, as she produced accounts of her travel that (ii)<u>______</u> conventions of bourgeois travel narrative, often [[capitulating]] to the most well-worn clichés of the genre at precisely the moments when she sought most energetically to cast them off in favor of some new, more passionate mode of discernment.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. frustrating|D. challenged|
|B. enlightening|E. conformed to|
|C. exciting|F. established|

4. So, perhaps the lesson is that rather than wanting their monarchy to (i)<u>______</u> its modernized Scandinavian counterparts, the British public cherishes it most when it is most (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. commend|D. egalitarian|
|B. discount|E. anachronistic|
|C. emulate|F. regal|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Unquestionably, the particular forms that folly and cruelty take in Jane Austen’s novels are (i)<u>______</u> the character’s social milieu, which was also Austen’s own; but to realize that one’s society motivates people in unfortunate ways is not necessarily to (ii)<u>______</u> it, for the alternatives, though different, might be no more (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. shaped by|D. expose|G. salutary|
|B. removed from|E. condemn|H. corrosive|
|C. unrecognizable in|F. rationalize|I. realistic|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> While some commentators suggest that abstraction and complexity in scientific research are signs that a given direction is misguided, Lisa Randall, a professor of physics at Harvard, counters that these qualities instead reflect the success of human ingenuity in (i)<u>______</u>the increasingly (ii)<u>______</u>challenges that nature presents. They can, however, make it more (iii)<u>______</u>to communicate scientific developments, even to colleague.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. creating|D. difficult|G. challenging|
|B. meeting|E. conspicuous|H. unproductive|
|C. eschewing|F. pragmatic|I. advantageous|

7. Because movie studios, under pressure to generate international sales, have favored big-budget pictures with fantasy plots, the representation of everyday domestic life has largely been <u>______</u> other media, such as television and literature.

A. left to
B. ceded to
C. ascribed to
D. attributed to
E. substituted for
F. replaced with

8. In order to cultivate new repertoire, the music industry is providing a hearing for previously <u>______</u> composers.

A. idle
B. thwarted
C. celebrated
D. renowned
E. anonymous
F. obscure

9. It’s hardly <u>______</u> the committee calls for: rudimentary competence would be an improvement on the current chaos.

A. accountability
B. disarray
C. unruliness
D. faultlessness
E. loyalty
F. perfection

10. Contrary to certain recent analyses that paint a dire portrait of soil loss from farmland, a new study of surveying data reaching back to the 1930s shows that erosion rates have been steadily <u>______</u>.

A. intensifying
B. waning
C. accelerating
D. worsening
E. declining
F. deteriorating

time: 10'58''
## section 44 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The science of astronomy was begun by amateurs and today remains dependent on their contributions, which are [[incisive]] by virtue of being <u>______</u> by the a priori assumptions that often [[vitiate]] the work of professional research scientists.

A. characterized
B. unencumbered
C. supported
D. contradicted
E. inspired

2. Without seeming unworldly, William James appeared wholly removed from the <u>______</u> of society, the conventionality of academy.

A. ethos
B. idealism
C. romance
D. paradoxes
E. commonplaces

3. The (i)<u>______</u> to disseminate the vast scientific knowledge of our time to nonscientists shows real (ii)<u>______</u> the extent of achievements humanity is capable of, like allowing a great work of art to molder in a warehouse.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. failure|D. pretentious regarding|
|B. plan|E. sympathy toward|
|C. willingness|F. indifference to|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Unlike the elected branches of the United States government, where making personal connection with citizens is (i)<u>______</u> and almost (ii)<u>______</u> political efficacy, the United States Supreme Court continues to maintain that its members should communicate with the public almost exclusively through formal opinions—and even then through ceremonial rituals that date back to the nineteenth century.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. frowned upon|D. a requirement for|
|B. [[rampant]]|E. a detriment to|
|C. disregarded|F. an irrelevance to|

5. A transformative scientific idea that emerged in the eighteenth century was the realization that slow, inexorable geological processes follow the basic laws of physics and chemistry. This seems (i)<u>______</u> conclusion in hindsight, but its implication—that geological processes in the distant past must have (ii)<u>______</u> these very same laws—was (iii)<u>______</u> geologists in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. an obvious|D. followed|G. evident to|
|B. a significant|E. preceded|H. overlooked by|
|C. a controversial|F. entailed|I. revolutionary for|

6. It is possible for human to go 40 or more hours without sleep and still be able to (i)<u>______</u> information acquired at the beginning of the sleepless period. Thus, when we are considering a role for sleep in human memory consolidation, we are referring to a possible role in the (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> encoding of information and optimizing of recall, not a (iii)<u>______</u>of sleep for recalling events of the prior day.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. legitimize|D. longer-term|G. requirement|
|B. augment|E. acute|H. surplus|
|C. disgorge|F. qualitative|I. facet|

7. Communicating articulately is typically regarded as an aggressive, persuasive talent, but it can also be protective: it allows a certain <u>______</u> closeness, conveying proximity while actually maintaining distance.

A. feigned
B. secretive
C. dubious
D. [[subtle]]
E. false
F. furtive

8. The Chavez Pass archaeological site was initially interpreted as indicative of <u>______</u> society, since it was thought to have been at the center of a cluster of smaller, contemporary settlements that it presumably controlled.

A. an expansionist
B. a hierarchical
C. an urban
D. a heterogeneous
E. a diverse
F. a stratified

9. Although the essayist’s arguments did not <u>______</u> her most perceptive readers, the extreme subtlety of the paints she made explains why she was misinterpreted by most critics of her day.

A. [[convince]]
B. confound
C. entertain
D. persuade
E. perplex
F. enlighten

10. Architects may be more extroverted and therefore the more <u>______</u> members of a bridge design team, but they are not always the most essential.

A. indispensable
B. conscientious
C. reliable
D. visible
E. valuable
F. [[salient]]
  
## section 45 hard

1. The maps in this volume are meant not as guides but as <u>______</u>: they are designed to make the reader think anew about the city.

A. adornments
B. references
C. truisms
D. provocations
E. valedictions

2. Carmen’s affection for her sister, though not <u>______</u>, was plainly too great to permit a painless departure.

A. unsteady
B. ambivalent
C. careless
D. unbounded
E. noticeable

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Argument may be an overly (i)<u>______</u> word to apply to the gossamer contrivance that is _A Summer of Humming birds_. In what seems a self-conscious (ii)<u>______</u> of its mascot the book flits from one subject or moment in history to another, following the various whims of its author.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. archaic|D. repudiation|
|B. imprecise|E. emulation|
|C. robust|F. misrepresentation|

4. The contemporary trend whereby fashion designers flout mainstream tradition is unique only in its (i)<u>______</u>; earlier fashion designers experience the same (ii)<u>______</u> impulse, albeit in a less extreme form.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. subversiveness|D. indiscriminate|
|B. intensity|E. iconoclastic|
|C. culpability|F. temperate|

5. Behavior economists found that the more (i)<u>______</u> options listed on the insurance make people all the more offish to endorse, partly because they hope to (ii)<u>______</u> some (iii)<u>______</u> in order to get a measure of peace of mind.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. lucrative|D. forgo|G. convolution|
|B. monotonous|E. dampen|H. detriment|
|C. complicated|F. jockey|I. benefit|

6. The slow pace of job creation was without precedent for the period of recovery from a recession, but the conditions that conspired to cause the recession were also (i)<u>______</u>. The stock market declined sharply, and rampant business investment slumped. Then an ensuing spate of scandals (ii)<u>______</u>public trust in the way companies were run. And yet, despite these powerful (iii)<u>______</u>to growth, the recession proved surprisingly mild.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. heartening|D. weakened|G. counterforces|
|B. atypical|E. illuminated|H. stimulants|
|C. ambiguous|F. consolidated|I. concomitants|

7. Citing the corruption and intrigue that pervaded politics in the city, my colleague<u>______</u>the newspaper’s trove of journalism prizes, declaring that finding great stories in the city must be effortless.

A. [[sligh]]ted
B. ignored
C. lauded
D. [[disparage]]d
E. confounded
F. commended

8. When studying the ancient Greek astronomers, Copernicus realized that despite the intrinsic beauty of many of their arguments, the ancients often made claims that <u>______</u> logic.

A. refuted
B. questioned
C. influenced
D. [[sway]]ed
E. defied
F. [[disregard]]ed

9. Films that critics have slumbered through rarely generate industry excitement, even though the critics’ <u>______</u> reception may be less the fault of the movie than of its unfortunate time slot near a fatiguing film festival’s conclusion.

A. somnolent
B. impartial
C. lethargic
D. laconic
E. befuddled
F. evenhanded

10. Even though his opponent is currently trying to portray him as a wild-eyed radical, voters will likely reject this charge because it does not <u>______</u> his moderate political record.

A. defer to
B. conform to
C. accede to
D. argue with
E. meddle with
F. [[square with]]
  
time: 8'48''