---
created: 2023-08-10 17:34:18
updated: 2023-08-11 16:37:55
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec21-25
---

# section 21 median

1. In prescientific (for example, in ancient Greece), claims about the physical world were often accepted as true if they were reasonable; experimental verification, if thought necessary at all, was <u>______</u>.

A. utilitarian
B. perfunctory
C. egregious
D. empirical
E. inductive

2. The theory that the 1908 Tunguska event was the explosion of a cosmic body in the sky overs Iberia is <u>______</u>: no one has yet found fragments of the object or any impact craters in the affected region.

A. long-standing
B. indisputable
C. plausible
D. uncontested
E. unproven

3. Although the political science professor’s paper is quite (i)<u>______</u> about the government’s problem, suggesting that they are part of (ii)<u>______</u> a process, the prognosis for the government is, on the contrary, actually quite [[auspicious]].

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. straightforward|D. degenerative|
|B. circuitous|E. comprehensive|
|C. pessimistic|F. spontaneous|

4. Although the vast weight of evidence supports the contention that the products of agricultural biotechnology are environmentally (i)<u>______</u>, many people still find them (ii)<u>______</u> unsettling.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. destructive|D. [[retroactive]]ly|
|B. sound|E. [[innocuous]]ly|
|C. intriguing|F. intrinsically|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The usual (i)<u>______</u> spending public monies on scientific projects is that such projects have the potential to make our lives healthier, safer, and more productive. However, the fact that science –even “pure” science – can strengthen democracy and promote public participation in the political process is hardly ever (ii)<u>______</u>. It should be Scientific literacy (iii)<u>______</u> democracy, and this is an important ancillary benefit of the promotion of science.
 
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. argument against|D. denied|G. stifles|
|B. rationale for|E. mentioned|H. energizes|
|C. precedent for|F. gainsaid|I. disregards|
第 47 页
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Early practitioners of the natural sciences developed methods to remove [[distortion]]s caused by either the research environment or the researcher. Such methods, especially with respect to the researcher, were considered to (i)<u>______</u> those (ii)<u>______</u> subjectivity whose un[[bridle]]d expression was thought to (iii)<u>______</u> research.
 
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. restrain|D. [[incursion]]s of|G. corrupt|
|B. reveal|E. restrictions on|H. justify|
|C. disguise|F. acknowledgements of|I. expedite|

7. The researcher noted that microbes, although <u>______</u>, make up far more of the living protoplasm on Earth than all humans, animals and plants combined.

A. invisible
B. omnipresent
C. diminutive
D. ubiquitous
E. minuscule
F. ethereal

8. In Inuit culture, elaborate carving has often been used to enhance <u>______</u> object such as harpoon heads and other tools.

A. utilitarian
B. functional
C. domestic
D. decorative
E. manufactured
F. ornamental

9. Benjamin Franklin’s reputation is so much one of appearing scientific investigation with common sense empiricism that it is somewhat [[startling]] to realize how <u>______</u> the great experiment’s mentoring truly was.

A. reasonable
B. speculative
C. pragmatic
D. conjectural
E. careless
F. judicious

10. Scientist reported last month on a sign of relative solar <u>______</u>; the solar wind, a rush of charged particles continually spewed from the Sun at a million miles an hour, had diminished to its lowest level in 50 years.

A. quiescence
B. turbulence
C. isolation
D. calm
E. remoteness
F. instability
第 48 页

# section 22 median

1. Motivation is the hardest of all managerial tasks, and it is <u>______</u> to expect a single memo, no matter how well crafted, to have much effect on the staff’s attitude.

A. ingenious
B. reasonable
C. fanciful
D. [[scrupulous]]
E. radical

2. Many readers today consider the moral sentiments expressed in the ancient writers’ work to be quite [[vapid]], and in the seventeenth century they were similarly regarded as <u>______</u>.

A. jejune
B. didactic
C. dogmatic
D. tendentious
E. arcane

3. The author argued that the field of sociology has been overly (i)<u>______</u>, partly because, for many scholars, the edges of social universe are defined by national borders. In this era of increasing globalization, however, sociology is presented with a historically distinct opportunity to transcend its former (ii)<u>______</u>.
    
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. narrow in scope|D. utilitarianism|
|B. susceptible to fads|E. parochialism|
|C. averse to empiricism|F. historicism|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The author of this travel guide (i)<u>______</u> to show his readers Cairo as it really is, but his information is not reliable: for example, his geography is (ii)<u>______</u>, with one walking tour covering areas of the city that are twenty miles apart. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. designs|D. erratic|
|B. forbears|E. erudite|
|C. purports|F. extensive|

5. Behavioral economists have come to believe that a (i)<u>______</u> of choices can be paralyzing as Schwartz pointed out in the recent book The _Paradox of Choice_. Studies of retirement plans show that the more investment choices a plan offers, the less likely people are to participate in it. It may follow, then, that a lack of flexibility in certain plans may actually be a (ii)<u>______</u>. People reasonably (iii)<u>______</u> some advantages in exchange for peace of mind. 
   
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. surfeit|D. virtue|G. foresee|
|B. reduction|E. conundrum|H. forestall|
|C. stabilization|F. revelation|I. forgo|
第 49 页
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6</mark>. Although political events in different countries were not (i)<u>______</u> in the nineteen century, their interrelationship was (ii)<u>______</u> compared with the present, when interdependence has become far greater: (iii)<u>______</u> has ceased to be an option. 

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unconnected|D. conditional|G. isolationism|
|B. trivial|E. superficial|H. resilience|
|C. simultaneous|F. transparent|I. idealism|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7</mark>. Publicity surrounding celebrities’ donations to charity is often greeted with cynicism, but a study of celebrity donation shows that they do <u>______</u> other donations.

A. preclude
B. elicit
C. allow
D. draw
E. bar
F. replace

8. Aerial viewings of the gigantic stone horse attributed to the Native American Quechuan people fail to <u>______</u> the considerable artistry required to create the piece: the horse appears crudely constructed unless carefully examined from the ground.

A. reveal
B. justify
C. [[manifest]]
D. [[mitigate]]
E. diminish
F. [[undercut]]

9. Culture, like speech, is primarily a human faculty, although both functions may exist in a more <u>______</u> form in lesser primates.

A. indispensable
B. crucial
C. primitive
D. intelligible
E. recognizable
F. rudimentary

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> Jackie Wullschlager's biography of Hans Christian Andersen <u>______</u> the [[insipid]] sweetness with which Andersen coated his life and reveals a vulnerable gingerbread man with a bitter almond where his heart should be.

A. conjures up
B. imagines
C. strips away
D. overlooks
E. removes
F. ignores
第 50 页

# section 23 median

1. Though the volume of radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants is <u>______</u>, the problem of how to dispose of that waste is not: rather, it is of major importance.

A. unmanageable
B. troubling
C. significant
D. small
E. deceptive

2. For the urban researcher, the long lives of ancient cities can provide ample chronological data, making up for the paucity stemming from relative <u>______</u> of most present-day cities.

A. complexity
B. formlessness
C. transparency
D. diversity
E. youthfulness

3. The school system’s modest plan for curriculum improvements has (i)<u>______</u> local educators: some call it (ii)<u>______</u> effort, while others say it is a pragmatic approach given the complexity of the task. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. surprised|D. genuine|
|B. impressed|E. halfhearted|
|C. divided|F. practical|

4. The author of this political history text shows considerable bias against the political party when assigning credit or blame for its actions: he deems (i)<u>______</u> what he favors and avoids what he (ii)<u>______</u>. 

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. pertinent|D. condemns|
|B. inevitable|E. condones|
|C. divided|F. ignores|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The (i)<u>______</u> quality of much contemporary drawing may be attributable to the use of photography as a drawing shortcut. Photography (ii)<u>______</u> modern arts, but when it is used as at racing tool in order to (iii)<u>______</u> the difficulties of achieving correct proportion, the resulting art often feels static and lifeless. 
   
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. inert|D. frequently enervated|G. augment|
|B. jubilant|E. wonderfully enriched|H. foreground|
|C. sensuous|F. inevitably circumscribed|I. circumvent|
第 51 页
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> To read Joanna Scott is to admire the work of a (i)<u>______</u>. From sentence to story, she narrates with great skill and (ii)<u>______</u>, so that the reader soon relaxes in the assurance that a hint or a brushstroke delivered in chapter 1 will be (iii)<u>______</u> before the novel comes to an end. 

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. proselytizer|D. [[deliberation]]|G. given import|
|B. sage|E. enthusiasm|H. largely forgotten|
|C. master|F. flamboyance|I. overwhelmed with details|

7. While it is always clear that the author's message is heartfelt, it is mostly buried by shortcomings of style, organization, and production, although the book does become more <u>______</u> toward the end.

A. sincere
B. intelligible
C. orthodox
D. readable
E. frank
F. voluble

8. A clever form of diplomacy involves subtly inducing the other party to propose your preference so that your <u>______</u> their requests appears as the granting of concession.

A. accession to
B. inattention to
C. subversion of
D. abnegation of
E. repudiation of
F. acquiescence to

9. Films that critics have slumbered through rarely generate industry excitement, even though the critics’ <u>______</u> reception may be less the fault of the movie than of its unfortunate time slot near a fatiguing film festival’s conclusion.

A. somnolent
B. impartial
C. lethargic
D. laconic
E. befuddled
F. evenhanded

10. Even the cleverest use of time management techniques is powerless to <u>______</u> the sum of minutes in a person’s life (over 52 million, optimistically assuming a life expectancy of 100 years ),so people squeeze as much as they could into each one of them.

A. justify
B. quantify
C. [[augment]]
D. enrich
E. measure
F. extend
第 52 页

# section 24 median

1. Few studies have been published on ground-squirrel dispersal, and most of them have involved very small sample sizes, thus most statement regarding ground-squirrel dispersal must be considered <u>______</u>.

A. invaluable
B. unexceptional
C. inveterate
D. routine
E. conjectural

2. To criticize a disaster film for being <u>______</u> is a bit silly, since people do not go to disaster movies to see an honest portrayed of reality.

A. expensive
B. harrowing
C. derivative
D. convoluted
E. implausible

3. It would be naïve to treat remarks made in diaries or personal letters as giving especially candid access to historical truth or even as being expressions of the writer’s true state of mind, since the (i)<u>______</u> for exaggeration and deception in those forms is virtually nonexistent. Diaries and letters are rarely sites for (ii)<u>______</u>. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. motivation|D. premeditated manipulation|
|B. penalty|E. childish theatrics|
|C. tendency|F. balanced reflection|
   
4. The author paints a rather dark picture of book publishing as a [[hidebound]] industry, one that is facing a profound change in its mode of production but is so (i)<u>______</u> its past as to be (ii)<u>______</u>opportunity offered by technological changes. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. alienated from|D. eager to exploit|
|B. emboldened by|E. unable to seize|
|C. encumbered by|F. forced to reconsider|

5. The experimental theater company’s members know that their performances (i)<u>______</u> an audience, that they were dense and unpredictable and not always easy to digest. But none of the techniques used would be (ii)<u>______</u> anyone with an interest in music or films. Indeed, they would seem strange only to people who expected to see traditionally crafted plays. The actors therefore felt that theater critics’ derisive commentary showed only that the critics (iii)<u>______</u> the company’s work. 
   
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. made demands on|D. contemplated by|G. lambasted|
|B. had to command|E. alien to|H. exploited|
|C. were sure to please|F. intuitive for|I. misunderstood|

第 53 页
6. Unlike most other serious journals, which drain money from their owners, the Review has long been (i)<u>______</u>. But the formula is not without its imperfections, which have grown more pronounced in recent years. The publication has always been erudite and (ii)<u>______</u> but not always lively and readable. (iii)<u>______</u>, accompanied by a certain aversion to risk taking, has pervaded its pages for a long time. 
   
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. lucrative|D. authoritative|G. an originality|
|B. realistic|E. animated|H. an impulsiveness|
|C. unesteemed|F. trendy|I. a [[stale]]ness|

7. In the absence of a surface gradient, the new laws of refraction and reflection are <u>______</u> the conventional law, so they represent more of an extension than a complete revolution.

A. inferable from
B. entailed by
C. antithetical to
D. coincident with
E. antecedent to
F. oppositional to

8. Flawed as it may be because it is conducted by subjective scientists, science itself has method sthat help us <u>______</u> our biases and talk about objective reality with some validity.

A. bypass
B. reduce
C. exacerbate
D. magnify
E. acknowledge
F. circumvent

9. In Japanese aesthetics, especially but not only in Noh, beauty contains the idea of <u>______</u>:beauty must have an air of evanescence, the intimation of its own demise.

A. transience
B. symmetry
C. decay
D. simplicity
E. balance
F. deterioration

10. The uniquely human ability to rethink and revise our social arrangements is a weird blessing, allowing us to create systems that are as likely to <u>______</u> us as to liberate us.

A. cheer
B. [[shackle]]
C. admonish
D. educate
E. [[stifle]]
F. enliven
第 54 页

# section 25 median

1. In contrast to such sparsely populated terrestrial habitats as desert and tundra, the oceans <u>______</u> with a seemingly endless array of creatures.

A. teem
B. flow
C. evolve
D. roil
E. ebb

2. Barring the discovery of new letters, hidden diaries, or the like, fresh information about eminent people is hard to find because their lives have been so intensely <u>______</u>.

A. ridiculed
B. scrutinized
C. admired
D. embellished
E. underrated

3. Recent scholarship has questioned the (i)<u>______</u> of tropical forests around the world. Archaeologists have shown, for example, that the largest contiguous tract of what was thought to be virgin rain forest in the southern Amazon had been transformed into a cultural parkland before European contact, and many of the forest islands in West Africa’s savanna forest transition zone are (ii)<u>______</u> as well. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. diversity|D. isolated|
|B. naturalness|E. endangered|
|C. sustainability|F. anthropogenic|

4. A (i)<u>______</u> to disseminate the vast scientific knowledge of our time to nonscientists shows real (ii)<u>______</u> the magnificent achievement humanity is capable of, like allowing a great work of art to molder in a warehouse. 
   
|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. triumph|D. indifference to|
|B. failure|E. enthusiasm for|
|C. diffusion|F. glory of|

5. Cultures can shape attitudes and beliefs in ways that (i)<u>______</u> conscious awareness or control; in other words, cultural orientations may develop from processes that do not entail (ii)<u>______</u>participation, and cultures may pervade subtle psychological dynamics in ways that individuals may not be able to (iii)<u>______</u>. Thus, theories and tools developed to study implicit cognition may increase our understanding of the complex interplay between culture and individuals. 
   
|       |   |     |
|:--------------------- |:--------- |:----------- |
| A. operate outside of | D. active | G. report   |
| B. tend to facilitate | E. random | H. maintain |
| C. may not alter      | F. rote   | I. condone  |
   
第 55 页
6. Publisher, publicist, and broadcasters love anniversaries, those occasions when historical events become (i)<u>______</u> in (ii)<u>______</u> culture of celebration. On such occasions patriotic sentiment and national pride wrapped in the panoply of history to manufacture a mythical past that is serviceable for public (iii)<u>______</u>.  
   
|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. elusive moments|D. an authentic|G. consumption|
|B. marketable artifacts|E. a commercial|H. scrutiny|
|C. raging controversies|F. an elitist|I. censure|

7. The Chavez Pass archaeological site was initially interpreted as indicative of <u>______</u> society, since it was thought to have been at the center of a cluster of smaller, contemporary settlements that it presumably controlled.

A. an expansionist
B. a [[hierarchical]]
C. an urban
D. a heterogeneous
E. a diverse
F. a [[stratified]]

8. Although the insistence on balancing spending against tax revenues has contributed to the economy’s stagnation, unfortunately, the government does not seem likely to <u>______</u> this rigid policy.

A. initiate
B. persist in
C. publicize
D. repudiate
E. continue
F. recant

9. Although its director <u>______</u> that the movie uses a documentary approach in portraying the famous sit-down strike, in practice its characters are heavily fictionalized and fall into familiar Hollywood types.

A. asserts
B. concedes
C. guarantees
D. disputes
E. grants
F. maintains

10. For all the <u>______</u> the new CEO has received from the press recently, her staff have a decidedly less rosy view of her.

A. encomiums
B. tributes
C. evaluations
D. critiques
E. attention
F. publicity

第 56 页