---
created: 2023-08-15 15:03:50
updated: 2023-08-15 19:28:18
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec46-50
---
# 【填空】Sec46-50

## section 46 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Neuroscientists are excited by technological progress that facilitates brain mapping, the most <u>______</u> of them comparing their growing abilities to tremendous advances that led to unimaginable success of the Human Genome Project.

A. rigorous
B. sanguine
C. punctilious
D. unorthodox
E. sophisticated

2. It seems foolish to refuse the offer of an expedient that is both so <u>______</u> success and so difficult to create them absent.

A. reminiscent of
B. lacking in
C. distinct from
D. indispensable to
E. inimical to

3. The genius of the scientific method is that it (i)<u>______</u> the dictum of Aristotle that the goal of science is knowledge of the ultimate cause of things. True science, we now know, advances human knowledge by (ii)<u>______</u> ultimate causes and focusing instead on the testing of empirical hypotheses.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. qualifies|D. ignoring|
|B. jettisons|E. predicting|
|C. affirms|F. confirming|

4. For decades, economic ideas have been (i)<u>______</u> political purpose. Economists, for example, have [[peddle]]d their theories as a way of gaining public prominence or political appointment, while politicians have (ii)<u>______</u> economic doctrines as possible solutions to the nation’s social problems.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. undermined by|D. rejected|
|B. inspired by|E. ignored|
|C. exploited for|F. promoted|

5. Several studies (i)<u>______</u> the assumption that paper cups, because they were made of natural products, were more environmentally (ii)<u>______</u> than cups made of plastic (polystyrene). Indeed, these studies indicated that the environmental (iii)<u>______</u> of producing and recycling paper cups were similar to, if not more than, those related to the production, disposal, and recycling of polystyrene cups.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. corroborated|D. friendly|G. benefits|
|B. exploited|E. hazardous|H. costs|
|C. dispelled|F. predictable|I. opportunities|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> For many years, Americans have had a love affair with ferryboats. Ferries are said to relieve our frayed nerves after we’ve stewed in bumper-to-bumper traffic, and conventional wisdom also says ferries (i)<u>______</u>congestion and air pollution by getting us out of cars. Unfortunately, this (ii)<u>______</u> notion recently has (iii)<u>______</u>several West Coast mayors, who have in consequence eagerly pursued the implementation of ferry service in their cities.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. contribute to|D. provocative|G. captivated|
|B. reduce|E. misguided|H. confused|
|C. cover up|F. cynical|I. outraged|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> In noting that critical and popular opinions about Li’s art coincided, Chuang<u>______</u>  the existence of an exception to her general theory of art criticism, which posits that critics’ views do not intersect with those of the general public.

A. asserted
B. [[concede]]d
C. [[acknowledge]]d
D. doubted
E. pondered
F. questioned

8. Excessive focus on what might have been can cause in us feelings of restlessness and regret, but some scientists are beginning to think that fancying an alternative reality might have <u>______</u> effects as well.

A. subtle
B. adverse
C. restorative
D. pleasurable
E. unfavorable
F. tonic

9. As a historical genre, biography is best when <u>______</u>, a careful reconstruction of the past in all its unfamiliar particularity.

A. introspective
B. reflective
C. concrete
D. concise
E. [[meticulous]]
F. [[thorough]]

10. Explorers could not build each other’s knowledge if they could not trust records of previous explorers; thus exploration depended on the <u>______</u> of those who had gone before.

A. collegiality
B. endurance
C. [[exactitude]]
D. meticulousness
E. eminence
F. tenacity

time: 9'30''
## section 47 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The science community’s perennial [[lament]] over inadequate budgets has come to seem increasing <u>______</u>, because government support for science and engineering has never been greater.

A. vital
B. hopeless
C. poignant
D. condescending
E. disingenuous

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> In modern times, friendship has become a <u>______</u> relationship: a form of connection in terms of which all are understood and against which all are measured.

A. conciliatory
B. mercenary
C. paradigmatic
D. contentious
E. supplementary

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> As he has matured as a scholar, Felmar has come to see the merit of qualification. His conclusions, which early in his career he (i)<u>______</u>, are now often (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. stated as absolutes|D. hedged|
|B. refused to reveal|E. simplified|
|C. backed up extensively|F. reiterated|

4. Unlike the elected branches of the United States government, where making personal connection with citizens is (i)<u>______</u> and almost (ii)<u>______</u> political efficacy, the United States Supreme Court continues to maintain that its members should communicate with the public almost exclusively through formal opinions—and even then through ceremonial rituals that date back to the nineteenth century.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. frowned upon|D. a requirement for|
|B. rampant|E. a detriment to|
|C. disregarded|F. an irrelevance to|

5. Schechter is atypically (i)<u>______</u> the film version of Stephen King’s horror novel The shining because the qualities for which the majority of other critics have approved it (its artful camera work and so on) get in the way of narrative and render the story less, rather than more, (ii)<u>______</u> than other films of the same genre. This is not (iii)<u>______</u> view, and we must be grateful to Schechter for putting it forward.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unimpressed with|D. heartbreaking|G. a commonplace|
|B. confused by|E. comical|H. a superior|
|C. enamored of|F. terrifying|I. an unfamiliar|

6. Inuit print making is less (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>than carving in that it does not have substantial historical precedents, although there are (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>incised carvings on bone or antler, facial tattoo marks or inlay skin work on clothing, mitts and footwear. Carving materials such as stone, bone, antler, wood, and ivory were (iii)<u>______</u>, but paper and drawing tools were unknown until introduced by early explorers and missionaries.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. traditional|D. affinities with|G. available locally|
|B. prestigious|E. objections to|H. rarely used|
|C. anomalous|F. regulations about|I. virtually interchangeable|

7. The <u>______</u> nature of the approval process for new drugs suggests that [[incentive]]s to promote more [[expeditious]] decision making may be necessary.

A. pecuniary
B. commercial
C. arbitrary
D. sluggish
E. capricious
F. dilatory

8. The critic claims that, contrary to its reputation for <u>______</u>, the novelist’s prose is full of opaque language games.

A. scrupulousness
B. simplicity
C. [[mendacity]]
D. artlessness
E. polish
F. [[meticulous]]ness

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> Not only is the advent of bookless or largely bookless libraries too large and powerful a change to be <u>______</u>, it also offers too many real advantages for it to be considered a tragedy.

A. understood
B. averted
C. foreseen
D. forestalled
E. endured
F. anticipated

10. Her attempts to wrest fiction free from traditional constraints like plot and character were never entirely popular with readers; nonetheless, her fiction has had <u>______</u> influence on critical theory, novel, cinema, and even psychology.

A. a studied
B. a negligible
C. a [[decisive]]
D. an unmistakable
E. an insignificant
F. a restorative

time 9'46''
## section 48 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Even those observers who are the most <u>______</u> about genetic privacy issues would have to [[concede]] that genetic discrimination is rare: there have only been two cases of any notoriety.

A. sanguine
B. zealous
C. [[candid]]
D. objective
E. apathetic

2. Many creative photographers were delighted to find in instant photography a mode that encouraged them to stop viewing photography as <u>______</u> and start viewing it as something they could handle with spontaneity, even derision.

A. sacrosanct
B. ephemeral
C. malleable
D. egalitarian
E. autonomous

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> The description of humans as having an internal clock is not a (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. Or rather, it is—you do not have a tiny watch in your cerebellum—but it also refers to (ii)<u>______</u>, a specialized bundle of cells that regulates cyclical processes.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[euphemism]]|D. an elusive psychological phenomenon|
|B. cliché|E. a standard literary trope|
|C. [[metaphor]]|F. a real biological feature|

4. The author of this biography gives an accurate and (i)<u>______</u> account of the subject’s life story, but all the carefully assembled detail fails to compensate for the general lack of (ii)<u>______</u> in her writing.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. exhaustive|D. specificity|
|B. glib|E. veracity|
|C. selective|F. vivacity|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Firebaugh and Beck contend that economic development improves the overall well-being of people within developing countries. However, other scholars emphasize the (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> of this view, empirically demonstrating that while economic development does in fact contribute to the well- being of the population of developing countries, the magnitude of development’s positive effects on well-being has (ii)<u>______</u>. In other words, these scholars suggest that (iii)<u>______</u> economic development and human well-being is taking place in developing countries.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. falsity|D. been greatly underestimated|G. a decoupling of|
|B. arbitrariness|E. not yet been measured|H. an inversion of|
|C. limitation|F. decreased over time|I. a decline in|

6. Applications of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) have fared best in contexts in which habitat condition is closely linked to species condition and the cause of habitat degradation is easily identified. The achievements of the ESA in those contexts, however, have (i)<u>______</u>that other uses of the act can (ii)<u>______</u>that record even where such favorable conditions do not (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. quelled the conviction|D. mitigate|G. vary|
|B. presaged the uncertainty|E. duplicate|H. pertain|
|C. fostered the misconception|F. elucidate|I. diminish|

7. Shifting Fortunes take a conventional approach to American union history by simply explaining the reasons behind union growth and decline in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries: it is a chronologically and thematically <u>______</u> study and nothing more.

A. complicated
B. confined
C. multifarious
D. [[onerous]]
E. [[circumscribe]]d
F. [[taxing]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> A clever form of diplomacy involves subtly inducing the other party to propose your preference so that your <u>______</u> their requests appears as the granting of concession.

A. accession to
B. inattention to
C. subversion of
D. abnegation of
E. repudiation of
F. acquiescence to

9. Scientist reported last month on a sign of relative solar <u>______</u>; the solar wind, a rush of charged particles continually spewed from the Sun at a million miles an hour, had diminished to its lowest level in 50 years.

A. quiescence
B. turbulence
C. isolation
D. calm
E. remoteness
F. instability

10. The author takes issue with the ideological blinders that have [[distorte]]d much migration research, especially <u>______</u> modernization theorists and others for their untested assumptions of an immobile preindustrial past.

A. undermining
B. citing
C. castigating [[castigate]]
D. chastising [[chastise]]
E. endorsing
F. commending

time: 11'41''
## section 49 hard

1. In one theory, as people learn things throughout the day, connections between neurons get strengthened, but during sleep then all synapses are weakened, [[tenuous]] connections are <u>______</u> and only the strongest bonds could remain.

A. reinforced
B. reproduced
C. replaced
D. stimulated
E. severed

2. While the writer was best known for her much-ballyhooed <u>______</u>, her impact reached far beyond memorable quips.

A. pensiveness
B. drollness
C. stoicism
D. fastidiousness
E. congeniality

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Although she admitted that her airport expansion plan had recently collapsed, the governor (i)<u>______</u> the significance of the failure, pointing out that competing economic development proposals are now more (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. minimized|D. tenuous|
|B. touted|E. complicated|
|C. acknowledged|F. important|

4. The reclusive clergyman may have lived and died in melancholy, but this doesn’t seem to have (i)<u>______</u> his genius in any way. On the contrary, we find ourselves wondering whether his genius wasn’t (ii)<u>______</u> in some mysterious way by his mood.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. influenced|D. served|
|B. hampered|E. controlled|
|C. triggered|F. identified|

5. The research on otters’ environmental requirements is surprisingly (i)<u>______</u>. One reason for this has to do with the estimation of how much they use different areas. Doing so may be (ii)<u>______</u> in some kinds of terrain, such as Shetland where the Eurasian otters are active in daytime and have clear individual markings. There it is possible to identify the individuals over stretches of coast of a few kilometers and to see what kinds of coast they use. However, the field conditions are (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. straightforward|D. quite problematic|G. routine|
|B. controversial|E. relatively simple|H. deceptive|
|C. difficult|F. largely unnecessary|I. exceptional|

6. Even the reader acquainted with the outlines of Pushkin’s biography will be (i)<u>______</u> the (ii)<u>______</u>so vividly conveyed in Binyon’s biography. Not only was Pushkin’s personal correspondence intercepted and his movements (iii)<u>______</u>, but Tsar Nicholas I’s decision to oversee Pushkin’s career obliged Pushkin to submit all his manuscripts for inspection.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. attracted by|D. suffocating lack of creative freedom|G. ignored|
|B. confused by|E. concern for contemporary society|H. monitored|
|C. struck by|F. underlying sense of historical change|I. commended|

7. While normal floods resulting from usual monsoon rainfall are <u>______</u> the growth of crops, recently there has been an increase in the frequency of high-intensity floods that do not have such welcome effects.

A. [[conducive]] to
B. hindered by
C. devastating for
D. deleterious for
E. essential for
F. indispensable to

8. The difficulty of reforming electoral politics is not lack of the right tools but the need to put them into the hands of [[impartial]] agents: the goal should be to build capacity while <u>______</u> partisanship.

A. expediting
B. constraining
C. facilitating
D. deterring
E. exacerbating
F. [[lament]]ing

9. That guild of experts has always appraised the economic stimulation plan as bootless, while the advocates of the policy do not take their <u>______</u> evaluation for granted.

A. [[tendentious]]
B. meticulous
C. detracting[[detract]]
D. indifferent
E. ubiquitous
F. [[deprecatory]]

10. In noting that critical and popular opinions about Li’s art coincided, Chuang <u>______</u> the existence of an exception to her general theory of art criticism, which posits that critics’ views do not intersect with those of the general public.

A. asserted
B. conceded
C. acknowledged
D. doubted
E. pondered
F. questioned

time: 8'24''
## section 50 hard

1. One baffling aspect of the novel is its capacity to generate emotional power from a plot that lacks the most elementary <u>______</u>: readers must accept not an occasional coincidence, but a continuous stream of them.

A. synergy
B. continuity
C. naivety
D. premise
E. credibility

2. Though humanitarian emergencies are frequent features of television news, such exposure seldom <u>______</u> the public, which rather seems [[resigned]] to a sense of impotency.

A. paralyzes
B. [[demoralize]]s 
C. assuages
D. galvanizes
E. exasperates

3. Partly because of Lee’s skill at synthesizing (i)<u>______</u> trends drawn from many fields of study, her theories appeared to present, with uncanny aptness, ideas already (ii)<u>______</u> in the minds of her contemporaries.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. superseded|D. discredited|
|B. irrelevant|E. well established|
|C. emergent|F. half-formulated|

4. Research into butterfly wings could have (i)<u>______</u> implications, since knowledge of their optical and thermal properties may be (ii)<u>______</u> controlling the behavior of computer chips, which likewise consist of finely structured thin film.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. ecological|D. tantamount to|
|B. aesthetic|E. germane to|
|C. technological|F. advance by|

5. Viewing people as ‘’social atoms’’ that obey rather simple rule (which are not unlike the laws of physics), one may discover certain (i)<u>______</u>. Take, for example, the way channels emerge when people move in crowds. In the midst of initially (ii)<u>______</u> movements, one person begins to follow another—in an effort to avoid collisions—and streams of movement emerge. As more people join in, there is greater pull on others to join the flow, and the particular channels become (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. apparent contradictions|D. inflexible|G. self-defeating|
|B. unproductive tendencies|E. straightforward|H. self-aggrandizing|
|C. lawlike regulations|F. chaotic|I. self-perpetuating|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> In this single volume, Kenny aims to survey for the general reader all of ancient philosophy; understandably, space in such a book is (i)<u>______</u>, and he is not to be faulted for minor omissions. However, Kenny would have added significantly to his book’s value had he more effectively (ii)<u>______</u>the influence of ancient philosophy on the subsequent tradition. As it is, newcomers to the subject will have little (iii)<u>______</u>the afterlife enjoyed by ancient philosophy in the period 1600-1750.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. at a premium|D. overlooked|G. sense of|
|B. hard to fill|E. signaled|H. devotion to|
|C. taken for granted|F. prevented|I. aversion to|

7. The ambassador’s critical remarks seemed to be less a product of <u>______</u> and more the careless utterances of a fatigued or undisciplined individual.

A. intensity
B. optimism
C. purposefulness
D. design
E. confidence
F. caution

8. In sharp contrast to the novel’s scenic realism and precisely characterized figure is its persistent philosophical <u>______</u>.

A. naturalism
B. abstraction
C. generality
D. impartiality
E. sincerity
F. objectivity

9. Individuals, governments, and companies show ample ability to <u>______</u> themselves by setting goals based on current conditions and then blindly following them even when those conditions change drastically.

A. [[hamstring]]
B. reinvent
C. promote
D. revitalize
E. impair
F. invigorate

10. The cat known to researchers as M-120—beefy, audacious, and apparently smart enough to spot a free lunch—is perhaps the world’s least <u>______</u> lynx: the scientists catch him several times a year.

A. intelligent
B. [[evasive]]
C. [[fearless]]
D. furtive
E. elusive
F. [[intrepid]]
  
time: 7'42''