---
created: 2023-08-13 15:02:37
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec36-40
---

# section 36 hard

1. Investors are grateful that the attorney general has stepped in to pursue inquiries into misfeasance in the financial markets, given that the regulators officially charged with policing the industry have been <u>______</u>.

A. [[diffident]]
B. [[meticulous]]
C. straightforward
D. [[implacable]]
E. [[tenacious]]

2. Consolidating memory is not instantaneous or even <u>______</u>: every memory must be encoded and moved from short-term to long-term storage, and some of these memories are, for whatever reason, more vividly imprinted than others.

A. salutary
B. deliberate
C. sequential
D. momentary
E. inevitable

3. The politician’s record while in office, though (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>, hardly accounts for her high standard three decades later—a standing all the more (ii)<u>______</u> because of continuing assaults on her reputation during those years.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. bewildering|D. unusual|
|B. admirable|E. regrettable|
|C. unappreciated|F. persistent|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Although it is not uncommon for journalists to portray political inexperience on the part of public officials as an (i)<u>______</u>, it was nevertheless surprising when members of the press treated the new senator’s obvious (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> as an extraordinary virtue.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. advantage|D. nonchalance|
|B. impediment|E. acumen|
|C. exception|F. naiveté|

5. When a new scientific model emerges, research studies (i)<u>______</u> that [[paradigm]] tend to dominate in the scientific literature: the process of selecting articles for publication is **tilted** towards positive results. But once the paradigm (ii)<u>______</u>, the academic incentives shift in the opposite direction: research results are more considered worthy publication when they (iii)<u>______</u> what has become the established view.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. tweaking|D. is initially articulated|G. bolster|
|B. affirming|E. has become entrenched|H. circumvent|
|C. controverting|F. is about to be attacked|I. undermine|

  
6. The historian of ancient science Otto Neugebauer concluded that Babylonian astronomical texts are (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> because everything has been eliminated from the astronomy except observations and the mathematical consequences of an initial hypothesis about the fundamental character of the astronomical movements. This judgment cohered with the high level of mathematical theory, which (ii)<u>______</u> mathematical computation together with empirical observations as (iii)<u>______</u> of science and **denied any role to speculative hypotheses of a strongly theoretical nature.**

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. questionable|D. repudiated|G. end result|
|B. scientific|E. admitted|H. necessary characteristics|
|C. limited|F. confounded|I. discredited path|

7. The initial, widely shared pessimism turned out to be <u>______</u>, because it ignored the many things that could be done with resources left behind.

A. unintelligible
B. [[unfathomable]]
C. unfounded
D. unimaginative
E. unjustified
F. unimportant

8. Despite a tendency to be overtly <u>______</u>, her poetry does not consist solely of pious sentiments: it often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment.

A. [[preachy]]
B. querulous
C. insincere
D. sanctimonious
E. plaintive
F. disingenuous

9. Willian Perkins, his <u>______</u> speaking style notwithstanding, has long been seen as the moderate face of his political party.

A. fiery
B. genteel
C. bumbling
D. unremarkable
E. affable
F. impassioned

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">10.</mark> Although in his new book he tends to repeat himself like a <u>______</u> uncle, McHughen makes a persuasive case for the safety of tinkering with genes to create new foods.

A. [[taciturn]]
B. reserved
C. prototypical
D. cantankerous
E. loquacious
F. garrulous

time:18'32''
# section 37 hard

1. Instead of demonstrating the <u>______</u> of archaeological applications of electronic remote sensing, the pioneering study became, to some skeptics, an illustration of the **imprudence** of interpreting sites based on virtual archaeology.

A. ubiquity
B. limitation
C. promise
D. redundancy
E. complexity

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> While the writer was best known for her much-ballyhooed <u>______</u>, her impact reached far beyond memorable quips.

A. pensiveness
B. drollness
C. stoicism
D. fastidiousness
E. congeniality

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Contrary to those who fear the impact of invasive species on native plants, the biologists contend that the threat posed to biodiversity by nonnative species is often (i)<u>______</u>. For instance, a study of garlic mustard, a nonnative plant now thriving in Minnesota’s oak forests, found that garlic mustard abundance in forest plots was not (ii)<u>______</u> the number of other plant species there.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. subtle|D. consistent with|
|B. uniform|E. related to|
|C. exaggerated|F. sustained by|

4. So, perhaps the lesson is that rather than wanting their monarchy to (i)<u>______</u> its modernized Scandinavian counterparts, the British public cherishes it most when it is most (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. commend|D. egalitarian|
|B. discount|E. anachronistic|
|C. emulate|F. regal|

5. The notion of film producers as the ogres of the movie business has proved an (i)<u>______</u> one, but according to The Producers by Tim Adler, it is not always grounded in reality. Attacking what he calls the “auteur myth”—the idea of the director as the single purveyor of art in an industry otherwise peopled with (ii)<u>______</u>—he places at the heart of his book an image of the producer, not the director, as the primary (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> force in the development and production of a movie.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. accurate|D. visionaries|G. financial|
|B. hypocritic|E. profitmongers|H. inertial|
|C. enduring|F. innocents|I. creative|

  
6. The (i)<u>______</u> nature of the candidate’s comments is [[calculated]]. As a long-standing target of critics who regard him as radical, he understands that he needs to be as (ii)<u>______</u> as possible if he is to overcome those critiques and appear as a (iii)<u>______</u> leader.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. opprobrious|D. innocuous|G. polarizing|
|B. platitudinous|E. truculent|H. cautious|
|C. pugnacious|F. supercilious|I. conciliatory|

7. Joshua Gisemba Bagaka found that the pedagogical results of group projects and other engaged learning activities in Kenyan mathematics classroom were <u>______</u>; such activities, then, may not be the best way of improving mathematics education.

A. overstated
B. counterintuitive
C. [[mixed]]
D. discouraging
E. inconsistent
F. inexplicable

8. Architects may be more extroverted and therefore the more <u>______</u> members of a bridge design team, but they are not always the most essential.

A. indispensable
B. conscientious
C. reliable
D. visible
E. valuable
F. [[salient]]

9. Excessive focus on what might have been can cause in us feelings of restlessness and regret, but some scientists are beginning to think that fancying an alternative reality might have <u>______</u> effects as well.

A. subtle
B. adverse
C. restorative
D. pleasurable
E. unfavorable
F. [[tonic]]

10. Apparent flaws in the sculptor’s work have not <u>______</u> its respectful reception by most modern critics.

A. determined
B. controlled
C. undermined
D. prevented
E. overshadowed
F. [[preclude]]d

time:11'22''
# section 38 hard

1. The governor might conceivably find a genuine resolution to the budgetary dilemma, but she may be tempted to engage in a deception: a <u>______</u> exercise in fiscal prudence.

A. rigorous
B. sparking
C. specious
D. blatant
E. convincing

2. Without seeming unworldly, William James appeared wholly removed from the <u>______</u> of society, the conventionality of academy.

A. ethos
B. idealism
C. romance
D. paradoxes
E. commonplaces

3. Convinced of the [[gravity]] of her poetry, Voigt must have found the reviews of her most recent collection (i)<u>______</u> reading: one amused reviewer thought that it was unrecognizable as poetry but decidedly (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. tempting|D. inspiring|
|B. depressing|E. irritating|
|C. thrilling|F. diverting|

4. The author’s best-selling book on Virginia Woolf is not (i)<u>______</u> treatment of her subject; on the contrary, it presents (ii)<u>______</u> portrait of the novelist, faults and all.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. an idealized|D. an unflinching|
|B. a comprehensive|E. a slapdash|
|C. a compelling|F. an erudite|

5. The new art museum’s (i)<u>______</u> building augurs well for that ambitious institution because it speaks of (ii)<u>______</u> contemporary architecture on the part of the board of directors that may (iii)<u>______</u> equal astuteness about contemporary art.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. nondescript|D. a discernment about|G. conceal|
|B. outstanding|E. a hostility toward|H. supplant|
|C. outdated|F. an intoxication by|I. promise|

6. The modern iron suspension bridge dates from the early nineteenth century, but it did not have (i)<u>______</u> [[debut]]; many early suspension bridges were damaged, if not outright destroyed, by the wind. There were few (ii)<u>______</u>, however, so the form (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. a propitious|D. obvious parallels|G. declined|
|B. a conspicuous|E. practical alternatives|H. inspired|
|C. an equivocal|F. unnoticed instances|I. persisted|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> It’s hardly <u>______</u> the committee calls for: rudimentary competence would be an improvement on the current chaos.

A. accountability
B. disarray
C. unruliness
D. faultlessness
E. loyalty
F. perfection

8. One of the vocalists who auditioned for a leading part in the local production of Sweeney Todd seemed to prefer <u>______</u> to any attempt at producing a melody; a more unpleasant voice was hard to imagine.

A. warbling
B. imitating
C. improvising
D. shrieking
E. crooning
F. caterwauling
  

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> Even if the story now seems a surprisingly innocuous [[overture]] to the author’s later, more fully developed narrations, it <u>______</u> some of the key traits of those bleaker tales.

A. avoids
B. [[belie]]s
C. undercuts
D. anticipates
E. possesses
F. [[prefigure]]s
  

10. While recognizing that recent reports of cyber warfare, phone-hacking scandals, and identity thefts have tended to accent the destructive connotation of the word, Sue Halpern maintains that “hacking” is such<u>______</u>  term that its meaning nearly always derives from its context.

A. a [[generic]]
B. an inclusive
C. a positive
D. a subjective
E. an affirmative
F. a technical

time:11'18''
# section 39 hard

1. The idea of a “language instinct” may seem <u>______</u> to those who think of language as the zenith of the human intellect and of instincts as brute impulses.

A. jarring
B. plausible
C. gratifying
D. inevitable
E. conciliatory

2. The artist is known for making photographs that deal with politically charged subject matter, yet because her art is so evocative and open-ended, it would be wrong to characterize it as <u>______</u>.

A. [[polemic]]al
B. edifying
C. unobservant
D. innovative
E. ambiguous

3. Nordhaus predicts that in the future we will increasingly be (i)<u>______</u> ecological problems like global warming rather than (ii)<u>______</u> them. We may, for example, make some headway in limiting emissions that contribute to warming, but much of our work will be in adapting to ecological problems and alleviating their effects.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. managing|D. solving|
|B. analyzing|E. addressing|
|C. transcending|F. mitigating|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The contemporary trend whereby fashion designers [[flout]] mainstream tradition is unique only in its (i)<u>______</u>; earlier fashion designers experience the same (ii)<u>______</u> impulse, albeit in a less extreme form.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. subversiveness|D. indiscriminate|
|B. intensity|E. iconoclastic|
|C. culpability|F. temperate|

5. The characters in this comic strip fret about the (i)<u>______</u> of their “little counterculture lives”, especially when terrible things are happening in the world, but the cartoonist makes their lives (ii)<u>______</u> in ways that do not seem (iii)<u>______</u> at all. Real things happen here—births, deaths, adoptions, affairs, breakups, commitments, ceremonies, civil union—and they matter.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unpredictability|D. stagnate|G. outlandish|
|B. arduousness|E. resonate|H. inconsequential|
|C. triviality|F. compete|I. intangible|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> A certain amount of theoretical frenzy about comics today is (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. After all, similar frenzies have been in other art forms in periods of their rapid development, for instance, the debates about painting that roiled Renaissance Italy. But such intellectual (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> rarely precedes creative glory. On the contrary, it commonly indicates that an artistic (iii)<u>______</u>, having been made and recognized, is over, and that a process of increasing strained emulation and diminishing returns has set in.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. understandable|D. torpor|G. pitfall|
|B. unprecedented|E. conservatism|H. tradition|
|C. perplexing|F. arousal|I. breakthrough|

7. When studying the ancient Greek astronomers, Copernicus realized that despite the intrinsic beauty of many of their arguments, the ancients often made claims that <u>______</u> logic.

A. refuted
B. questioned
C. influenced
D. swayed
E. defied
F. disregarded

8. Although Wynne claims to recognize that <u>______</u> evidence is available to make definitive statement, she offers them nonetheless, arriving at some sweeping generalizations.

A. concrete
B. finite
C. insufficient
D. indirect
E. conclusive
F. [[meager]]

9. In order to cultivate new repertoire, the music industry is providing a hearing for previously <u>______</u> composers.

A. idle
B. thwarted
C. celebrated
D. renowned
E. anonymous
F. obscure

10. Although many skeptics of the scientific theory <u>______</u> critiques that have long since been disproved, some of the doubters arguably bring up valid points.

A. overlook
B. revise
C. recycle
D. utilize
E. neglect
F. rehash

time: 10'44''
# section 40 hard

1. The medical professor’s thesis—hardly new, but rarely <u>______</u> by a faculty members of his distinction—is that patients are more than the sum of their symptoms and systems.

A. discounted
B. ignored
C. subverted
D. underestimated
E. espoused

2. Even if he wants to serve again—and given his obvious love for the job, the assumption among insiders is that he is more likely to stay than go—there is at least <u>______</u> his serving another term.

A. impediment to
B. incentive for
C. precedent for
D. benefit in
E. rationale for

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Memory-prompt technology such as online birthday reminders does more than enhance our recall abilities; it induces us to (i)<u>______</u> ever more behaviors to automated processes. Witness the (ii)<u>______</u> a program that allows us to create computer greeting cards for the entire year in one sitting.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. delegate|D. controversy over|
|B. ascribe|E. popularity of|
|C. liken|F. sophistication of|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> While people complain about their hectic lives and demanding schedules, one might be justified in suspecting that they are being somewhat (i)<u>______</u>: compulsive busyness seems to be, for many, a source of (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. disingenuous|D. pride|
|B. guarded|E. despair|
|C. dilatory|F. irritation|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Applications of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) have fared best in contexts in which habitat condition is closely linked to species condition and the cause of habitat degradation is easily identified. The achievements of the ESA in those contexts, however, have (i)<u>______</u> that other uses of the act can (ii)<u>______</u> that record even where such favorable conditions do not (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. quelled the conviction|D. mitigate|G. vary|
|B. presaged the uncertainty|E. duplicate|H. pertain|
|C. fostered the misconception|F. elucidate|I. diminish|

  
6. Scientific papers often (i)<u>______</u>what actually happened in the course of the investigations they describe. Misunderstandings , blind alleys, and mistakes of various sorts will fail to appear in the
final written accounts because (ii)<u>______</u>is a desirable attribute when transmitting results in a
scientific report and would be poorly served by (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. amplify|D. transparency|G. a comprehensive historical account|
|B. misrepresent|E. efficiency|H. a purely quantitative analysis|
|C. particularize|F. exhaustiveness|I. an overly superficial discussion|

7. In a number of instances, investors hoping to tap into the region’s meteoric growth have instead faced problems ranging from unpredictable management practices to outright <u>______</u>.

A. malfeasance
B. incompetence
C. fraudulence
D. capriciousness
E. hysteria
F. impulsiveness

8. To call Kermode the finest English critic of his generation would be a <u>______</u> compliment, since not many of its population are professionally engaged in literary criticism.

A. sincere
B. backhanded
C. [[paltry]]
D. heartfelt
E. [[meager]]
F. [[plausible]]

9. Even though the original settlement may not hold up, it at least proves that the deadlock can be broken and that a hitherto <u>______</u> party is ready to bargain.

A. implacable
B. unyielding
C. impeccable
D. flawless
E. unqualified
F. capricious

10. In sharp contrast to the novel’s scenic realism and precisely characterized figure is its persistent philosophical <u>______</u>.

A. naturalism
B. abstraction
C. generality
D. impartiality
E. sincerity
F. objectivity
  
time: 13'23''