---
created: 2023-08-19 15:11:11
updated: 2023-08-19 15:11:12
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec78-82
---
# 【填空】Sec78-82
## section 78 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> By deliberately dripping paint on their canvases, expressionists affirmed that paint is not <u>______</u> entity, something merely to be moved where the artist please, but rather a material possessing a fluid energy that the painter attempts to control.

A. an immutable
B. an expressive
C. a vital
D. a passive
E. a kinetic

2. It is often argued that psychoanalysis, which was <u>______</u> at that stage of the eighteenth century, provided the main filter by which death could be looked at, but it has now been largely replaced by medicine, which provides both a mindset and practical measures by which death may be cheated, and in terminal illness, approached, formulating a process called medicalization.

A. predominant
B. pompous
C. [[precarious]]
D. elegant
E. [[mundane]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Reviews written by music critic and composer Stephenson were hardly (i)<u>______</u> : musicians who performed his music could count on sympathetic coverage, while those who ignored him were held to (ii)<u>______</u> standards.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. disinterested|D. exacting|
|B. lucid|E. minimal|
|C. conventional|F. accepted|

4. The laser has been widely utilized in many industries such as the packaging industry, CD player manufacturing, and all sorts of commonplace articles; however, the (i)<u>______</u> of the laser doesn’t mean the laser can only be used in (ii)<u>______</u> ways.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. rare extermination|D. [[assorted]]|
|B. sporadic usage|E. [[pedestrian]]|
|C. everyday presence|F. pointless|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The strategists who created the European Unions practiced piecemeal social engineering. Recognizing that perfection is (i)<u>______</u>, they set limited objectives and then mobilize the political will for a small step forward knowing full well that when they achieved it, its (ii)<u>______</u> would become apparent and necessitate further measures.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. unattainable|D. potential|
|B. salubrious|E. inadequacy|
|C. [[bromidic]]|F. [[mutability]]|

6. laws protecting intellectual property are intended to stimulate creativity, yet some forms of creative work have never enjoyed legal protection—a situation that ought to be of great interest. If we see certain forms of creative endeavor (i)<u>______</u>as a result of uncontrolled copying, we might decide to (ii)<u>______</u>intellectual property law. Conversely, if unprotected creative work (iii)<u>______</u>in the absence of legal rules against copying, we would do well to know how such flourishing is sustained.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. languishing|D. jettison|G. declines in originality|
|B. proliferating|E. extend|H. manages to thrive|
|C. diversifying|F. relax|I. openly invites imitation|

7. Analysis for the structural feather that were thought to <u>______</u> kinship between the two species prompted an investigation that dispelled that presumption and revealed that the two share a family history.

A. [[signify]]
B. underrate
C. [[point to]]
D. [[preclude]]
E. rule out
F. exaggerate

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> The book captures the <u>______</u> of several politicians who spoke publicly of old-time virtues in order to mask private vices.

A. [[probity]]
B. [[dissemble|dissemblance]]
C. opportunism
D. rectitude
E. ingenuousness
F. [[duplicity]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> Baker was struck by the amount of <u>______</u> she saw at the renowned medical facility; for all their experience, the physicians could not seem to agree on the correct diagnosis for any given patient.

A. [[discordance]]
B. [[contention]]
C. [[quackery]]
D. [[nepotism]]
E. indecision
F. [[cronyism]]

10. There are great <u>______</u> in countries’ greenhouse gas emissions, especially in per capita terms: while the United States and China are similar in aggregate emissions, United States per capita emissions are a huge multiple of China’s.

A. distortions
B. disparities
C. fluctuations
D. advances
E. variances
F. vacillations

time: 10'03''

## section 79 hard

1. She demonstrates a great extent of <u>______</u>, as she has traveled to many more countries and places around the world than any of her kindred.

A. [[perfidious|perfidiousness]]
B. [[peregrinate|peregrination]]
C. [[jubilation]]
D. [[sagacious]]ness
E. conspicuousness

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> People who are reluctant to oppose a court nominee straightforwardly on ideological grounds often search for any sort of peccadillo to serve as a <u>______</u> their opposition.

A. mitigation of
B. violation of
C. predictor of
D. reparation for
E. pretext for

3. Britain’s Queen Victoria, however (i)<u>______</u> she had been at the beginning of her reign, was politically much more (ii)<u>______</u> by the end of her time on the throne, as she resigned herself to the emergence of an increasing powerful electorate that prevented her from stubbornly insisting on getting her own way in matters of state.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. naïve|D. powerful|
|B. personable|E. arbitrary|
|C. obdurate|F. [[malleable]]|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Earlier discussions with neighboring countries (i)<u>______</u> due to the government’s failure to alter policies that those countries find [[objectionable]]. Moreover, there is every reason to (ii)<u>______</u> the success of further talks, since the government if anything different, more intransigent.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. commenced|D. doubt|
|B. advanced|E. undermine|
|C. foundered|F. anticipate|

5. To get funding and tenured positions, medical researchers have to get their work published in well-regarded journals, where rejection can climb above 90 percent. Not surprisingly, the studies that tend to make the grade are those that make (i)<u>______</u> claims. But while coming up with such (ii)<u>______</u> claims is relatively easy, getting the data to bear them out is another matter. When studied rigorously, the great majority of these claims (iii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. well-supported|D. practical|G. yield contradictory evidence|
|B. eye-catching|E. orthodox|H. require extensive analysis|
|C. small-scale|F. striking|I. support conventional beliefs|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> As the study of the foundation of western Shanghai reveals, there was a sense of elegance in the refined, simple lines that characterized the entire row, [[bereft]] of the exuberant, emphatic, assertive, ornament that constituted the latest British architectural fashion, which expressed its detestation of Plalladianism and neoclassicism—London’s Regent Street then being regarded as [[abhorrent]]—calling it the product of a (i)<u>______</u>“shopocracy”. The (ii)<u>______</u>of Western architectural taste—oscillating between simplicity and ornamental (iii)<u>______</u>—must have bemused Chinese observers who had long accepted that both approaches were valid and could co-exist.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. superficial|D. impermanence|G. profundity|
|B. [[quintessential]]|E. eternality|H. modesty|
|C. disdained|F. subtlety|I. exuberance|

7. Church, Nussbaum, Waldman, and Wills have written very different books—Nassbaum and Wills range both farther and deeper—but each one of the four strives for<u>______</u>, wanting to save us from the errors of [[partisan]]s and zealots.

A. concision
B. evenhandedness
C. frankness
D. trustworthiness
E. succinctness
F. [[impartial]]ity

8. Given that the department director was such a feeble contributor, sitting silently at important policy meetings and usually deferring to low-level aides, it was surprising that he had such a reputation for <u>______</u>.

A. magnanimity
B. perspicacity
C. impartiality
D. detachment
E. benevolence
F. discernment

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> Between the late 1800s and early 1900s, various institutional structures emerged that set researchers in scientific fields apart as a professional class and moderated disputes by <u>______</u> some kinds of knowledge as real science.

A. differing
B. [[sanction]]ing
C. mischaracterizing
D. [[censure|censuring]]
E. [[reprehensible|reprehending]]
F. endorsing

10. In Ramachandran’s opinion, it is perfectly acceptable to propose bold speculations about the brain, even if these speculations seem <u>______</u>; as Ramachandran frequently remarks, science thrives on risky conjecture.

A. unfounded
B. premature
C. controversial
D. verifiable
E. testable
F. baseless

time: 10'16''

## section 80 hard

1. Although Emily Bronte is [[impassioned]] about gender equality, she is anything but <u>______</u> to endorse more privileges endowed to women.

A. zealous
B. apathetic
C. abhorrent
D. stubborn
E. lethargic

2. Many creative photographers were delighted to find in instant photography a mode that encouraged them to stop viewing photography as <u>______</u> and start viewing it as something they could handle with spontaneity, even derision.

A. sacrosanct
B. ephemeral
C. malleable
D. egalitarian
E. autonomous

3. As cheaper imports drove most California potteries out of business during the 1950s, one company (i)<u>______</u>. The substantial size and weight of the specialized products produced by Architectural Pottery helped (ii)<u>______</u> the company, because it was uneconomical for foreign companies to ship similarly large objects to California.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. stagnated|D. transform|
|B. diversified|E. insulate|
|C. flourished|F. finance|

4. Each new generation of students grow up (i)<u>______</u> the world of classical physics, with its mostly intuitive, billiard-ball causality; that is the everyday vantage from which we approach the alien world of quantum physics, which has for this reason never lost its air of (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. immersed in|D. verisimilitude|
|B. disdainful of|E. objectivity|
|C. unmoved by|F. radicalism|

5. During the Harlem Renaissance, Alain Locke (i)<u>______</u> the first flourishing of a self-consciously racial art movement in America and was widely credited with providing the philosophical basis for its emergence. His importance as a critic of African America art and as an art theorist is (ii)<u>______</u> if controversial, yet he has received (iii)<u>______</u> attention for his unique insight into the broad forces that shaped American modernism and cultural nationalism in the visual arts.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. forestalled|D. undisputed|G. undeserved|
|B. [[preside]]d over|E. misleading|H. meticulous|
|C. [[seeth]]ed over|F. questionable|I. insufficient|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Vaccine denial has all the hallmarks of a belief system that is not (i)<u>______</u>. The notion that childhood vaccines are driving autism rates has been (ii)<u>______</u>by multiple epidemiological studies. Yet the true believers are (iii)<u>______</u>, critiquing each new study that challenges their views, and rallying to the defense of disgraced researchers whose work was retracted.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. amenable to refutation|D. [[resuscitate]]d|G. [[indignant]]|
|B. susceptible to fashion|E. documented|H. persistent|
|C. open to criticism|F. [[upend]]ed|I. [[phlegmatic]]|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> Price knew about how to do people favors, sometimes just from kindness, but often out of <u>______</u>.

A. self-interest
B. benevolence
C. [[magnanimous|magnanimity]]
D. opportunism
E. [[disinterest]]
F. mercy

8. Caricature can be revealing as well as amusing, and Ager’s novel is both: Ager’s delineation of class, ethnic, and generational struggle is exaggerated for comical effect, but it <u>______</u> nonetheless.

A. [[resonate]]s
B. entertains
C. diverts
D. confuses
E. rings true
F. falls short

9. Although the claim that no one knows what dark matter is remains <u>______</u>, some scientists dispute the parallel assertion that dark matter has not been detected.

A. contentious
B. sound
C. questionable
D. [[unassailable]]
E. unverifiable
F. prominent

10. Benjamin Franklin’s reputation is so much one of appearing scientific investigation with commonsense empiricism that it is somewhat startling to realize how <u>______</u> the great experiment’s mentoring truly was.

A. reasonable
B. speculative
C. pragmatic
D. conjectural
E. careless
F. judicious

time: 9'13''

## section 81 hard

1. The chairman, faced with the need to forge a consensus on a number of proposals, acknowledged that it would be difficult to reconcile the push for a radical overhaul with the stance of those who want <u>______</u> change.

A. deliberate
B. indiscriminate
C. genuine
D. immediate
E. wholesale

2. The stars’ attitudes toward their glowing press are diametrically opposed: some think it <u>______</u> and others take the adulation seriously.

A. [[flummery]]
B. consequential
C. [[fanatical]]
D. coincidental
E. sincere

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Up to the 1970s, histories of science tended to be (i)<u>______</u> not least in their focus on discoveries and theories that could be read as anticipating later scientific orthodoxies, rather than on those deemed (ii)<u>______</u> in their own periods. Historians of science are now routinely far more sensitive on such scores.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. anachronistic|D. major|
|B. convoluted|E. fallacious|
|C. undogmatic|F. inessential|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The students seeking undergraduate representation on the board of trustees viewed the [[impasse]] in their negotiations with the administration as (i)<u>______</u>, since it promised to (ii)<u>______</u> the administration’s belief that students should take no part in running the university.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. unfortunate|D. undermine|
|B. inevitable|E. fuel|
|C. unprecedented|F. distort|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The perennial problem for critics of nineteenth-century novelist Charlotte Yonge is the relationship of her realism to her (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>. While admiring her complex psychological portraits and detailed descriptions of quotidian family life, readers since her own time have tended to fault her improbable manipulation of plot to teach a moral lesson. Indeed, many critics (ii)<u>______</u> her because of her willingness to (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. pessimism|D. dismiss|G. squander suspense|
|B. didacticism|E. applaud|H. sacrifice credibility|
|C. eclecticism|F. underestimate|I. deflate [[pretension]]|

6. Filler claims that after the social welfare programs of the 1960s, belief that the government has an obligation to provide decent housing for citizens who cannot afford it was (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>in the United States by the notion that providing suitable shelter for everyone should be (ii)<u>______</u>. Thus today in the (iii)<u>______</u>of taxpayer-sponsored initiatives we have volunteer home-construction programs, honorable in intent but pitifully limited in scope.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. [[supplant]]ed|D. a shared civic responsibility|G. absence|
|B. [[promulgate]]d|E. an act of private charity|H. name|
|C. [[corroborate]]d|F. a profit-oriented enterprise|I. mold|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">7.</mark> In its few decades of existence, the field of technology assessment has undergone large changes: its original high ambitions to predict consequences of technology have been <u>______</u> if not discarded.

A. [[defer]]red
B. [[subvert]]ed
C. abandoned
D. [[relinquish]]ed
E. [[temper]]ed
F. modulated

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> Individuals interested in longevity have sought to fine-tune their bodies with all kinds of <u>______</u> diets: only raw foods; only plant; only the flesh, fruit, and nuts that prehistoric humans would have hunted and foraged.

A. [[eccentric]]
B. [[meager]]
C. salutary
D. [[proscriptive]]
E. trendy
F. [[exacting]]

9. The baseball players performance during last nights game was impressive, although not <u>______</u>; others have performed similar feats.

A. decisive
B. unexampled
C. significant
D. novel
E. outstanding
F. spectacular

10. The laboratory maze has grown ever less<u>______</u> since it was first invented instead of hoping to lose a rodent in a labyrinth; today’s scientists design mazes to elicit a few simple, easily measured behaviors.

A. intricate
B. extensive
C. effective
D. [[convoluted]]
E. useful
F. prevalent

time: 12'21''
## section 82 hard

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Studies of hermaphroditic plants may exhibit sampling bias against self-fertilizing and cross- fertilizing species, thus inflating the frequency of species using a mixed mating system (both self- fertilizing and cross-fertilizing); nevertheless the number of mixed-system species is not <u>______</u>.

A. self-evident
B. static
C. trivial
D. relevant
E. calculable

2. A curiosity of the film Vertigo is its capacity to generate emotional power from a plot that lacks the most of elementary <u>______</u>: viewers are required to accept not an isolated [[plausible|implausibility]], but a continuous stream of them.

A. believability
B. impact
C. narrative
D. tension
E. [[premise]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> It was fine to be (i)<u>______</u> in the old days when papers were still not losing readers and ad revenue was not tough to come by, but many editors today are uneasy about bludgeoning their readers with the inherently (ii)<u>______</u> work of cartoonists.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. comprehensive|D. unbalanced|
|B. opinionated|E. flawed|
|C. profligate|F. vacuous|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Some academic criticism of popular novels has been (i)<u>______</u> in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more (ii)<u>______</u> the novel.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. rigorous|D. undesirable|
|B. exculpatory|E. accomplished|
|C. elitist|F. comprehensible|

5. The order applies to all Federal agency whose actions may affect the status of invasive species and requires agencies to identify such actions and to the extent practicable and permitted by law, and since invasive species severely reduce the number of native species and even (i)<u>______</u> their existence, the agency has determined and made public its determination that the benefits of such actions clearly outweigh the potential harm caused by invasive species; and that all feasible and (ii)<u>______</u> measures to (iii)<u>______</u> risk of harm of the introduction of invasive species will be taken in conjunction with the actions.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. escalate|D. [[prudent]]|G. remedy|
|B. preclude|E. [[mawkish]]|H. counterbalance|
|C. diminish|F. [[braggart]]|I. minimize|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Conventionally, the ultimate measure of a scientific work’s validity is how broadly and confidently its conclusions become accepted in the relevant field, which in turn (i)<u>______</u>the extent to which its findings are replicated and extended. However, establishing such validity, especially for a novel experimental finding, can take years, and what (ii)<u>______</u>replication or extension may be (iii)<u>______</u> for some time.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. derives from|D. justifies|G. evident|
|B. works against|E. [[impugn]]s|H. disputed|
|C. leads to|F. constitutes|I. touted|

7. While the group's street protests assumed an assertory uncompromising tenor, once admitted to the halls of power to begin formal lobbying, the group's leadership wisely chose to <u>______</u> the stridency of their rhetoric.

A. metamorphose
B. gild
C. [[wane]]
D. [[palliate]]
E. succor
F. damp

8. His own writing style was <u>______</u>: colorful and tart in its choice of language, willing to run risks in its allusions, metaphors, and verbal juxtapositions, prone to irreverent conclusions designed to surprise or startle.

A. [[effusive]]
B. audacious
C. lyrical
D. striking
E. ornate
F. emotional

9. Debate rages on between proponents of corporal punishment and the death penalty and their detractors, though even the most [[rabid]] supporter agrees that punishments must be <u>______</u> and the justice system evenhanded and thorough.

A. meet
B. [[clement]]
C. delimited
D. condign
E. tantamount
F. merciful

10. Miller reminded his clients that labor relationship are inherently <u>______</u>; the interests of business owners are diametrically opposed to those of employees.

A. [[adversarial]]
B. exploitative
C. mercenary
D. antagonistic
E. variable
F. changeable
  
time: 14'01''