---
created: 2023-08-30 00:05:11
updated: 2023-08-30 00:08:15
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas121-130
---

# Passage 121
Benjamin Franklin is portrayed in American history as the quintessential self-made man. In “Self-reliance”, **Emerson** asks, “Where is the master who could have instructed Franklin...?” In fact, Franklin took instruction widely, and his scientific work was highly collaborative. Friends in England sent equipment needed for his electrical experiments, others, in Philadelphia, helped him set up his workshop there. Philip Syng constructed a device for generating electrical charges, while Tomas Hopkinson demonstrated the potential of pointed conductors. Franklin, in addition to being the group’s theoretician, wrote and published its results. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">His fame as an individual researcher is partly a consequence of the shorthand by which when one person writes about a group’s discoveries, history sometimes grants singular credit for collective effort.</mark>

reading: 1'04''

1.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It states a viewpoint about Franklin with which the author disagrees.
B.	It introduces new evidence about Franklin’s role in the collaborative process.
C.	It explains Franklin’s reputation in terms of a broad scholarly phenomenon.
D.	It emphasizes the extent to which Franklin relied on others in his workshop.
E.	It describes Franklin’s approach to writing scientific results.

2.	Emerson is mentioned in the passage primarily to
A.	identify the origin of a particular understanding of Franklin
B.	elaborate on a view of Franklin that the author takes issue with
C.	point to a controversial claim about Franklin’s historical legacy
D.	introduce the question of who Franklin’s main scientific influences were
E.	suggest that Franklin was resistant to collaboration with other scientists

time: 1'51''

# Passage 122
There have long been dead zones—water too low in oxygen to sustain most forms of life—in the Gulf of Mexico, which receives the waters of the Mississippi River. Scientists studied sediment cores from areas where the gulf’s most recent dead zone occurred. The scientists dated the sediment and counted species of foraminifera (marine protozoans) in the sediment; these species thrive in low-oxygen waters. As far back as 1823, the foraminifera thrived especially during Mississippi River flood years (during which nutrients levels increase), suggesting that nutrients in floodwaters can trigger low-oxygen water. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">The foraminifera in the core samples were most abundant after 1950, when farmers began using some fertilizer, which is rich in nutrients.</mark> Researchers believe that increased use of fertilizer leads to more- extreme dead zones.

reading: 1'04''

1.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence in the context of the passage as a whole?
A.	It reconciles two opposing theories that were discussed earlier in the passage.
B.	It suggests what the initial impetus was for the studies mentioned earlier in the passage.
C.	It undermines a hypothesis that was presented in the preceding sentence.
D.	It describes a problem with the methodology of the studies discussed in the passage.
E.	It provides evidence supporting the belief mentioned in the final sentence of the passage.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the “researchers” would agree with which of the following statements about the use of fertilizer?
A.	If farmers near the Mississippi River decreased the amount of fertilizer that they used, the severity of the dead zones could be diminished.
B.	If farmers near the Mississippi River continue their dependence upon fertilizers, foraminifera population will eventually decline.
C.	If farmers near the Mississippi River stopped using fertilizers altogether, there would no longer be dead zones.

time: 2'22''

# Passage 123
Biologist know that some marine algae can create clouds by producing the gas dimethyl sulphide (DMS), which reacts with oxygen in air above the sea to form solid particles. These particles provide a surface on which water vapor can condense to form clouds. **Lovelock** contends that this process is part of global climatic-control system. According to Lovelock, Earth acts like a super organism, with all its biological and physical systems cooperating to keep it healthy. He hypothesized that warmer conditions increase algal activity and DMS output, seeding more clouds, which cool the planet by blocking out the Sun. Then, as the climate cools, algal activity and DMS level decrease and the cycle continues. In response to biologists who question how organisms presumably working for their own selfish ends could have evolved to behave in a way that benefits not only the planet but the organisms as well, Lovelock points out that cooling benefits the algae, which remain at the ocean surface, because it allows the cooled upper layers of the ocean to sink, and then the circulating water carries nutrients upward from the depths below. Algae may also benefit from nitrogen raining down from clouds they have helped to form.

time: 1'58''


1.	According to the passage, which of the following occurs as a result of cooling in the upper layers of the ocean?
A. The concentration of oxygen in the air above the ocean’s surface decreases.
B. The concentration of DMS in the air above the ocean’s surface increases.
C. The nutrient supply at the surface of the ocean is replenished.
D. Cloud formation increases over the ocean.
E. Marine algae make more efficient use of nutrients.

2.	Which of the following is most similar to the role played by marine algae in the global climate control system proposed by Lovelock?
A. a fan that continually replaces stale air in a room with fresh air from outside.
B. a thermostat that automatically controls an air-conditioning system.
C. an insulating blanket that retains heat.
D. a filter used to purify water.
E. a dehumidifier that constantly removes moisture from the air in a room.

3.	The passage mentions the possible benefit to algae of nitrogen falling down in the rain most likely in order to
A. provide support for Lovelock’s response to an objection mentioned in the passage.
B. suggest that the climatic effects of DMS production have been underestimated.
C. acknowledge that Lovelock’s hypothesis is based in part on speculation.
D. demonstrate that DMS production alters the planet in more than one way.
E. assert that algae are the sole beneficiaries of DMS production.

4.	Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A. A question is posed, and several possible answers to the question are introduced and evaluated.
B. A prediction is made, and certain factors that influenced that prediction are considered.
C. A sequence of events is outlined, and a possible cause for the sequence is offered.
D. A phenomenon is described, a theory about the significance of the phenomenon is offered, and a reservation about that theory is addressed.
E. A debate is summarized, the strengths and weaknesses of each position are described, and an assessment of the defensibility of each is made.

5.	It can be inferred from the passage that Lovelock thinks that biologists who question his hypothesis about cyclical DMS output and algal activity make which of the following errors?
A. They do not recognize the benefits that Earth receives from the activity.
B. They exaggerate the rate at which nitrogen falls from the clouds.
C. They assume that the algae remain near the ocean surface throughout the cycle.
D. They overlook the benefit that the algae receive from the formation of clouds.
E. They fail to recognize changes in surface water temperature that are caused by algae clouds.

6.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. explain the role played by temperature in the stimulation of DMS production by marine algae
B. outline the sequence of events that occurs during the process of cloud formation caused by algal activity
C. describe a dispute about the role played by marine algae in certain instances of cloud formation
D. propose a way in which scientists might be able to understand the effects of clouds on marine algae
E. discuss a theory regarding the function of DMS production by marine algae

time: 6'14''

# Passage 124
When Earth formed 4.6 billion years ago, the Sun burned only 70 percent as brightly as it does today. Yet **Geologic** record contains no evidence for widespread glaciation until 2.3 billion years ago. Sagan and Mullen suggested in the 1970s that **ammonia**, a greenhouse gas, warmed early Earth’s atmosphere, but subsequent research showed that the Sun’s ultraviolet rays rapidly destroy ammonia in an oxygen-free environment, such as that of early Earth. Many scientists now attribute much of the warming of early Earth to oxygen-intolerant microbes—methanogens—that produce the greenhouse gas methane. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">The methanogen hypothesis could help to explain the first global ice age: 2.3 billion years ago, Earth’s atmosphere began to fill with oxygen produced by other microbes—cyanobacteria— causing methanogens to decline rapidly.</mark>

reading: 2'04''

1.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It refutes the possibility of a connection between two events previously thought to be related.
B.	It describes how a hypothesis might account for the timing of a phenomenon described earlier in the passage
C.	It presents evidence that casts doubt on a statement made in the first sentence of the passage
D.	It clarifies a distinction between two related hypotheses
E.	It introduces findings that challenge a dominant explanation for a particular phenomenon

2.	Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about methanogens?
A.	Methanogens must have appeared on Earth later than 2.3 billion years ago.
B.	Methanogens must have been much more prevalent in some regions of the early Earth than in others.
C.	Methanogens produce a greenhouse gas that is more susceptible to destruction by the Sun’s ultraviolent rays than is ammonia.
D.	Methanogens could not have thrived in early Earth’s atmosphere without the presence of ammonia.
E.	Methanogens would have had a less significant effect on early Earth’s atmosphere if they had evolved after the appearance of cyanobacteria.

time: 4'35''

# Passage 125
Some researchers claim that cetaceans—whales and dolphins—have culture, which the researchers define as the ability to learn from one another. **Skeptics**, however, demand clear evidence that cetaceans can acquire new behaviors through some form of social learning, preferably clear-cut instances of imitation or teaching. But such evidence is difficult to obtain. While few people doubt that captive cetaceans are adept at imitation or that they reproduce behaviors taught by researchers, biologists seeking insight into cetaceans’ behavior in their natural habitats must rely on deduction rather than experiments. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">If members of a particular group share behaviors that do not result from genetic inheritance or environmental variation, then they have almost certainly learned them by watching, following, or listening to other animals.</mark>

reading: 1'38

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	Which of the following best describe the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It identifies a factor that complicates biologists’ ability to draw conclusions about the behavior of cetaceans in their natural environments.
B.	It illustrates the kind of deduction mentioned in the preceding sentence.
C.	It explains why skeptics have remained unpersuaded by evidence that has been put forward in support of the claim that cetaceans have culture.
D.	It introduces a claim that would be dismissed by both supporters and opponents of the view that cetaceans have culture.
E.	It notes a previously overlooked factor that might shed light on the question of whether cetaceans have culture.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The passage suggests which of the following about captive cetaceans?
A.	Whether they are engaged in social learning is a subject of disagreement among biologists.
B.	Their ability to imitate new behaviors is more extensive than that of noncaptive cetaceans.
C.	They exhibit few behaviors that have not also been observed in cetaceans in their natural habitats.
D.	They appear to adopt new behaviors more quickly than noncaptive cetaceans.
E.	They exhibit tendencies that suggest a capacity for the kind of behavior that qualifies as cultural.

time: 4'08''


# Passage 126
Hotter and more massive than the Sun, stars called “stragglers” are puzzling to astronomers because such rapidly burning stars would not be expected to persist in ancient star clusters. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Some researchers believe that the typical blue stragglers formed when two ancient, lower-mass stars collide and merge form more massive, hotter star.</mark> **Peter Leonard** theorizes alternatively that in low density globular clusters, where mergers between single stars occur too infrequently to account for the observed quantity of blue stragglers, these stragglers are created instead by a group of stars. He suggests that a pair of stars already orbiting each other presents a <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">larger target</mark> for a third star or another pair. Once this new grouping forms, close encounters between the stars could prompt any two to merge as a blue straggler. Leonard’s model predicts that each blue straggler has a distant orbiting companion
—as appears true of many blue stragglers in the M67 cluster of the Milky Way galaxy.

time: 1'52''

1.	The reference to a “larger target” serves primarily to suggest why a

A.	blue straggler would be more likely to collide and merge with another star than would be a lower-mass star.
B.	pair of stars would be more likely to encounter other stars than would the typical blue straggler.
C.	pair of stars would be more likely to interact with other stars than would a single star.
D.	blue straggler would be more likely to interact with a pair of stars than it would with a third star.
E.	third star would be more likely to encounter a pair than it would to encounter a blue straggler.

2.	Information presented in the passage suggests which of the following about blue stragglers?
A.	They originate from stars that are hotter and more massive than the Sun.
B.	They are burning more rapidly than other types of stars observed in ancient star clusters.
C.	They are older than most other types of stars within the same star cluster.
D.	They are less numerous in low-density globular clusters than are pairs of stars.
E.	They generally originate from the oldest stars among those found in ancient star clusters.

3.	The passage cites which of the following as evidence undermining the theory presented in the second sentence?
A.	a discrepancy between the number of mergers between single stars in certain low-density globular clusters and that in other low-density globular clusters
B.	a discrepancy between the heat and mass of blue stragglers formed by one type of process and the heat and mass of blue stragglers formed by another type of process
C.	a discrepancy between the frequency of star mergers in low-density globular clusters and those in high-density globular clusters
D.	a discrepancy between the amount of heat and mass of ancient single stars and that of blue stragglers
E.	a discrepancy between the number of mergers between single stars in certain star clusters and the number of blue stragglers in those clusters

time: 4'58''

# Passage 127
Most seismologists assume that following a major earthquake and its aftershocks, the fault (a break in Earth’s crust where pressure can trigger an earthquake) will remain quiet until stresses have time to rebuild, typically over hundreds or thousands of years. Recent evidence of subtle interactions between earthquakes may overturn this assumption, however. According to the stress-triggering hypothesis, faults are unexpectedly responsive to subtle stresses they acquire as neighboring faults shift. Rather than simply dissipating, stress relieved during an earthquake travels along the fault, concentrating in sites nearby; even the smallest additional stresses may then trigger another quake along the fault or on a nearby fault. Although scientists have long viewed such subtle interactions as nonexistent, the hypothesis has explained the location and frequency of earthquakes following several destructive quakes in California, Japan, and Turkey.

time: 1'12''

1.	According to the passage, which of the following is an assumption that may be invalidated by recent seismological evidence?
A.	Earthquakes are caused by stresses building up in faults within Earth’s crust.
B.	Most major earthquakes can be predicted with reasonable accuracy.
C.	Faults are highly responsive to even minor stresses in neighboring faults.
D.	Most major earthquakes are followed by predictable aftershocks.
E.	A fault that has resulted in a major earthquake becomes quiet for a long period.

For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	The passage suggests that most seismologists believe which of the following about fault stresses?
A.	They are dissipated when they result in an earthquake.
B.	They are transferred between neighboring faults.
C.	They will not cause a major earthquake along the same fault in the space of a few years.

time: 3'18''

# Passage 128
MacArthur and Wilson suggested that the biodiversity of an island will vary in direct proportion to a function of the island’s size (i.e., larger islands can support a greater number of species) and in inverse proportion to a function of its distance from the mainland (i.e., many remote islands will tend to support fewer species). Reduced biodiversity in an island context is likely to require significant adaptation on the part of colonizing human populations. **Evans** argues that this limitation makes islands ideal laboratories for the study of human adaptations to the natural environment, whilst Renfrew and Wagstaff, in the introduction to their study of Melos, focus on this limitation in biodiversity as a “significant characteristic of the island ecosystem.” <u>For human communities, however, this limitation may potentially be offset by other factors.</u> The reduced biodiversity of an island ecosystem applies only to **terrestrial resources**: the resources of the sea will be as rich as on any other coastal area, and may be equally important to human communities. A small island such as Malta or Melos allows all communities direct access to the sea, providing an important nutritional “safety net,” as well as an element of dietary diversity, which may actually give island communities an advantage over their landlocked counterparts. Islands may also have specific nonbiological resources (such as obsidian on Melos), which may be used in exchange with communities on other islands and adjacent mainlands.

time: 2'32''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	evaluate two contrasting approaches to island biodiversity
B.	discuss the relevance of certain data pertaining to island biodiversity
C.	call into question a particular understanding of island biodiversity
D.	consider various reasons for reduced biodiversity on islands
E.	contrast large and small islands in terms of overall biodiversity

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the author, factors of potential importance to human communities on islands include
A.	the accessibility of the sea’s resources
B.	a diet superior in some respects to the diet of landlocked communities
C.	nonbiological resources that can be exploited

3.	The author suggests that in considering the biodiversity of islands, Evans
A.	focuses too exclusively on terrestrial resources
B.	misunderstands the relationship between an island’s size and its terrestrial resources
C.	misinterprets the work of MacArthur and Wilson
D.	is wrong to assume that more remote islands support fewer species
E.	downplays the ways that human communities adapt to island biodiversity

time: 5'26''

# Passage 129
A critical consensus has emerged that Mary McCarthy will be remembered primarily as an essayist rather than as a novelist. But despite her formidable gifts as a polemical and <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">discursive</mark> writer, and for all her reputation as an intellectual who sacrificed feeling to intelligence, what powers McCarthy’s best essays are her fictional rather than strictly intellectual gifts. She makes her points by telling stories or by way of vivid description, arresting images and subtle characterization. And for all her exacting sense of fact, McCarthy’s greatest contribution was to blur the distinctions between different kinds of prose writing: to show how fiction could be opened up to the thinking mind and how essays could profit from the techniques of fiction.

reading: 1'26''

For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	The author of the passage suggests that Mary McCarthy’s writing is characterized by
A.	The use in her essays of devices more typical in works of fiction
B.	A narrowing of the differences between narrative and expository prose
C.	Careful attention to factual accuracy.

2.	In the context in which it appears, “discursive” most nearly means
A.	prolific
B.	sophistic
C.	rambling
D.	analytical
E.	circuitous

time: 2'37''

# Passage 130
Some archaeologists speculate that the Americas might have been initially colonized between 40,000 and 25,000 years ago. However, to support this theory it is necessary to explain the absence of generally accepted habitation sites for that time interval in what is now the United States. Australia, which has a smaller land area than the United States, has many such sites, supporting the generally accepted claim that the continent was colonized by humans at least 40,000 years ago. Australia is less densely populated (resulting in lower chances of discovering sites) and with its overall greater aridity would have presented conditions less favorable for hunter-gatherer occupation. Proportionally, at least as much land area has been lost from the coastal regions of Australia because of postglacial sea-level rise as in the United States, so any coastal archaeological record in Australia should have been depleted about as much as a coastal record in the United States. Since there are so many resource- rich rivers leading inland from the United States coastlines, it seems implausible that a growing population of humans would have confined itself to coasts for thousands of years. If inhabitants were present 25,000 years ago, the chances of their appearing in the archaeological record would seem to be greater than for Australia.

time: 2'22''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with doing which of the following?

A.	presenting an objection to a claim
B.	accounting for an apparent anomaly
C.	outlining an alternative interpretation
D.	correcting a particular misconception
E.	questioning the validity of a comparison

2.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about 25,000 years ago?
A.	The coastline of the region that is now the United States is longer than it was 40,000 years ago.
B.	Rivers in what is now the United States were numerous than they are now.
C.	Australia was less densely populated at that time than was the region that is now the United States.
D.	Australia’s climate was significantly drier than it is now.
E.	Global sea level was lower than it is now.

3.	The author of the passage implies that, in what is now the United States, archaeological evidence of inhabitation in the period from 40,000 to 25,000 years ago is lacking because that region
A.	had its oldest habitation sites inundated following a postglacial rise in sea level.
B.	has many resource-rich rivers that facilitated the dispersal of early inhabitants from an initial concentration in coastal areas.
C.	was sparsely populated until about 25,000 years ago.
D.	was colonized less than 25,000 years ago.
E.	was inhabited only by hunter-gatherers until 25,000 years ago

time: 4'12''