---
created: 2023-08-27 00:07:59
updated: 2023-08-27 19:55:01
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas101-110
---

# Passage 101

The recent recognition of a link between increasing rates of deforestation and increasing global climatic warming has focused new attention on the ecological role of forests. Deforestation threatens the continued existence of forests, and their loss would lead to an immediate, irreversible destabilization of the climate because the destruction of forests contributes to increased atmospheric concentrations of such heat-trapping gases as carbon dioxide and therefore to the acceleration of global warming.

The world is at present accumulating carbon dioxide in the atmosphere from two well-known sources the combustion of fossil fuels and deforestation. Deforestation results in higher levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere because the carbon stored in plants and trees is released when trees decay or are burned. A third sources, the warming-enhanced decay of organic matter in forests and soils, especially in the middle and higher latitudes, is now being recognized as potentially significant. Evidence is accumulating that carbon from this source is beginning to have global effects. Thus, two of the three sources of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are directly related to the survival and health of forests.

In the discussion about the importance of forests, however, emphasize has fallen on biodiversity, or numbers of species per unit area, especially in the tropics, where such diversity is particularly high. But forests, it should be emphasized, have a similar role in every latitude they contain the largest numbers of different kinds of plants and animals of any community on land and might be considered the most highly developed of the terrestrial communities from the standpoint of complexity of structure and diversity of life and life forms. Forests are far more than simple collections of species, **however, it is unfortunate that the discussion of biotic or living resources has been focused on biodiversity rather than on the actual ability of the land itself to support life.** In order for the complete range of plant and animal life to thrive, the soil must contain essential nutrients in their proper quantities and proportions, and the atmosphere must be composed of the correct molecules in their proper proportions. If the soils were to become infertile and the atmosphere inhospitable, more than mere diversity or numbers of species would be lost, the land would become impoverished and no longer be able to support any life.

Deforestation almost invariably speeds up the loss of nutrients into watercourses. It also, as previously explained, involves a release of carbon into the atmosphere. Forests thus play a clear and critical role in helping to protect the capacity of the land to support life by increasing the retention of nutrients and in helping to stabilize the atmosphere by storing carbon.

reading: 2'40''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with discussing the

A.	importance of forests for protection the land and atmosphere
B.	role of forests in the tropics versus that in the higher latitudes.
C.	process of deforestation in the tropics
D.	need for forests to ensure the preservation of biodiversity
E.	negative effects of recent global climatic changes in forests.

2.	According to the passage, the emphasis on preserving biodiversity in forests has had which of the following effects?
A.	diverted attention from the importance of the land’s ability to support life.
B.	led to recognition of the causes complexity of terrestrial communities.
C.	led to an understanding of the causes of accelerated rates of global warming.
D.	resulted in the formulation of the concept of biotic resources.
E.	shifted attention away from the role of forests in stopping the accumulation of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.

3.	The passage suggests that the emphasis on a forests biodiversity has had which of the following unfortunate consequences?
A.	It has fostered the view that forests have a similar role in every climate.
B.	It has fostered the view that deforestation almost invariably speeds erosion
C.	It has fostered resistance to preserving any forests but tropical ones.
D.	It has led to an increase in the rate at which the land is becoming impoverished
E.	It has led to an underestimation of the importance of some forests

4.	The primary purpose of the third paragraph of the passage is to
A.	explain how the land supports life
B.	explain what happens when soil becomes infertile
C.	explain why a certain development in the discussion of forests is regrettable
D.	show that forests are far more than simple collections species
E.	argue that forests with a small number of species are more important to the support of than forests with many species

time: 7'32''

# Passage 102
A divide between aesthetic and technical considerations has played a crucial role in mapmaking and cartographic scholarship. Since nineteenth century cartographers, for instance, understood themselves as technicians who did not care about visual effects, while others saw themselves as landscape painters. That dichotomy structured the discipline of the history of cartography. Until the 1980s, in what Blakemore and Harley called “the Old is Beautiful <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Paradigm</mark>,” scholars largely focused on maps made before 1800, marveling at their beauty and sometimes regretting the decline of the pre-technical age. Early mapmaking was considered art while modern cartography was located within the realm of engineering utility. Alpers, however, has argued that this boundary would have puzzled mapmakers in the seventeenth century, because they considered themselves to be visual engineers.

reading: 1'30''

1.	According to the passage, Alpers would say that the assumptions underlying the “paradigm” were
A.	inconsistent with the way some mapmakers prior to 1800 understand their own work
B.	dependent on a seventeenth-century conception of mapmaking visual engineering
C.	unconcerned with the difference between the aesthetic and technical questions of mapmaking
D.	insensitive to divisions among cartographers working in the period after 1800
E.	supported by the demonstrable technical superiority of mapmaking made after 1800

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that, beginning in the 1980s, historians of cartography
A.	placed greater emphasis on the beauty of maps made after 1800
B.	expanded their range of study to include more material created after 1800
C.	grew more sensitive to the way mapmakers prior to 1800 conceived of their work
D.	came to see the visual details of maps as aesthetic objects rather than practical cartographic aids
E.	reduced the attention they paid to the technical aspects of mapmaking

time: 3'59''

# Passage 103
Most mammals reach sexual maturity when their growth rates are in decline, whereas humans experience a growth spurt during adolescence. Whether apes experience an adolescent growth spurt is still undecided. In the 1950s, data on captive chimpanzees collected by **James Gavan** appeared devoid of evidence of an adolescent growth spurt in these apes. In a recent reanalysis of Gavan’s data, however, zoologist **Elizabeth Watts** has found that as chimpanzees reach sexual maturity, the growth rate of their limbs accelerates. **Most biologists**, however, are skeptical that this is a humanlike adolescent growth spurt. While the human adolescent growth spurt is physically obvious and affects virtually the entire body, the chimpanzee’s increased growth rate is detectable only through sophisticated mathematical analysis. Moreover, according to scientist **Holly Smith**, the growth rate increase in chimpanzees begins when 86% of full skeletal growth has been attained, whereas human adolescence generally commences when 77 percent of full skeletal growth has occurred.

time:1'54''

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	Which of the following best describes the main idea of the passage?
A.	Researchers have long disagreed about whether data collected in the 1950s indicate that chimpanzees and other apes experience an adolescent growth spurt.
B.	Research data collected on chimpanzees living in captivity are inconclusive with respect to chimpanzees living in the wild.
C.	The notion that apes do not experience an adolescent growth spurt has been confirmed by research conducted since.
D.	Although the idea that apes experience an adolescent growth has received some support, most biologists remain unconvinced.
E.	Although researchers agree that chimpanzees do not experience an adolescent growth spurt, they are divided in their opinions of whether this is true of other apes.

2.	The passage mentions which of the following as one of the reasons why most biologists remain skeptical that chimpanzees experience a humanlike adolescent growth spurt?
A.	Chimpanzees do not experience a demonstrable increase in growth rate until they are fully sexually mature.
B.	The increase in growth rate that chimpanzees undergo at sexual maturity is less apparent than that of humans.
C.	The increase in growth rate once regarded as a humanlike adolescent growth spurt in chimpanzees is too sporadic to be regarded as significant.
D.	Not all chimpanzees undergo a calculable growth spurt.
E.	Watt’s approach to analyzing data is considered to be highly unorthodox.

3.	The passage suggests which of the following about the adolescent growth spurt that takes place in humans?
A.	Its primary effects are found in parts of the body other than the limbs.
B.	It is generally completed by the time 77 percent of full skeletal growth is attained.
C.	It is normally detectable without the assistance of sophisticated mathematical analysis.
D.	The rate of growth is much faster at the beginning of puberty than at any other time.
E.	The estimated growth rate varies depending on the methods of measurement that are used.

time: 5'09''

# Passage 104
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Many cultural anthropologists</mark> have come to reject the scientific framework of empiricism that dominated the field until the 1970s and now regard all scientific knowledge as socially constructed. They argue that information about cultures during the empiricist era typically came from anthropologists who brought with them a prepackaged set of conscious and unconscious biases. Cultural anthropology, according to the post-1970s critique, is unavoidably subjective, and the anthropologist should be explicit in acknowledging that fact. Anthropology should stop striving to build a better database about cultural behavior and should turn to developing a more humanistic interpretation of cultures. The new framework holds that it may be more enlightening to investigate the biases of earlier texts than to continue with empirical methodologies.

time: 1'05''

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	The author implies which of the following about most cultural anthropologists working prior to the 1970s?
A.	They argued that scientific knowledge was socially constructed.
B.	They were explicit in acknowledging the biases inherent in scientific investigation.
C.	They regarded scientific knowledge as consisting of empirical truths.
D.	They shared the same conscious and unconscious biases.
E.	They acknowledged the need for a new scientific framework.

2.	According to the passage, “many cultural anthropologists” today would agree that anthropologists should
A.	build a better, less subjective database about cultural behavior
B.	strive to improve the empirical methodologies used until the 1970s
C.	reject the notion that scientific knowledge is socially constructed
D.	turn to examining older anthropological texts for unacknowledged biases
E.	integrate humanistic interpretations with empirical methodologies

time: 2'59''

# Passage 105
Writing about nineteenth-century women’s travel writing, **Lila Harper** notes that the four women she discussed used their own names, in contrast with the nineteenth-century female novelists who either published anonymously or used male pseudonyms. The novelists doubtlessly realized that they were breaking boundaries, whereas three of the four daring, solitary travelers espoused traditional values, eschewing radicalism and women’s movements.
Whereas the female novelists criticized their society, the female travelers seemed content to leave society as it was while accomplishing their own liberation. In other words, they lived a **contradiction**. For the subjects of Harper’s study, solitude in both the private and public spheres prevailed—a solitude that conferred authority, hitherto a male prerogative, but that also precluded any collective action or female solidarity.

time: 1'46''

1.	Which of the following best characterizes the “contradiction” that the author refers to?
A.	The subjects of Harper’s study enjoyed solitude, and yet as travelers they were often among people.
B.	Nineteenth-century travel writers used their own names, but nineteenth-century novelists used pseudonyms.
C.	Women’s movements in the nineteenth-century were not very radical in comparison with those of the twentieth-century.
D.	Nineteenth-century female novelists thought they were breaking boundaries, but it was the nineteenth-century women who traveled alone who were really doing so.
E.	While traveling alone in the nineteenth-century was considered a radical act for a woman, the nineteenth-century solitary female travelers generally held conventional views.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, solitude had which of the following effects for the nineteenth century female travelers?
A.	It conferred an authority typically enjoyed only by men.
B.	It prevented formation of alliances with other women.
C.	It relieved peer pressure to conform to traditional values.

time: 4'22''

# Passage 106
Although vastly popular during its time, much nineteenth-century women’s fiction in the United States went unread by the twentieth-century educated elite, who were taught to ignore it as didactic. However, American literature has a tradition of didacticism going back to its Puritan roots, shifting over time from sermons and poetic transcripts into novels, which proved to be perfect vehicles for <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">conveying</mark> social values. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">In the nineteenth century, critics reviled Poe for neglecting to conclude his stories with pithy moral tags, while Longfellow was canonized for his didactic verse.</mark> Although rhetorical changes favoring the anti-didactic can be detected as nineteenth-century American transformed itself into a secular society, it was twentieth-century criticism, which placed aesthetic value above everything else, that had no place in its doctrine for the didacticism of others.

time: 1'15''

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It explains why the fiction mentioned in the first sentence was not popular in the twentieth century.
B.	It assists in drawing a contrast between nineteenth-century and twentieth-century critics.
C.	It provides an example of how twentieth – century readers were taught to ignore certain literature.
D.	It questions the usefulness of a particular distinction between Poe and Longfellow made by critics.
E.	It explains why Poe’s stories were more popular than Longfellow’s verse during the nineteenth century.

2.	In the context in which it appears, “conveying” most nearly means
A.	carrying
B.	transferring
C.	granting
D.	imparting
E.	projecting

time: 3'36''

# Passage 107
During the Pleistocene epoch, several species of elephants isolated on islands underwent rapid dwarfing. This phenomenon was not necessarily confined to the Pleistocene, but may have occurred much earlier in the Southeastern Asian islands, although evidence is fragmentary. Several explanations are possible for this dwarfing. For example, islands often have not been colonized by large predators or are too small to hold viable predator populations. Once free from predation pressure, large **body size** is of little advantage to herbivores. Additionally, island habitats have limited food resources, a smaller body size and a need for fewer resources would thus be favored. Interestingly, the island rule is reversed for small mammals such as rodents, for which gigantism is favored under insular conditions.

reading: 1'17''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	question the plausibility of one explanation sometimes offered for the dwarfing of certain species living on islands
B.	argue that dwarfing of certain species living on islands occurred prior to the Pleistocene
C.	cite evidence suggesting that dwarfing may have adverse consequences for some species living on islands
D.	present some possible explanations for the dwarfing of certain species living on islands
E.	contrast the effects of insular conditions on species with large body size and species with small body

2.	According to the passage, which of the following statements about body size in mammals is true?
A.	A large body is unfavorable to mammalian species’ survival under most conditions.
B.	A large body tends to benefit small mammals living on islands.
C.	For most herbivorous mammals, a large body size is easier to sustain in the absence of large predators.
D.	Under most conditions, a small body is less beneficial to herbivorous mammals than to nonherbivorous mammals.
E.	Among nonherbivorous mammals, a small body is more beneficial on an island than on a mainland.

time: 4'07''

# Passage 108
In the early twentieth century, small magazines and the innovative graphics used on them created the face of the avant-guard. It was a look that signaled progressive ideas and unconventionality because it dispensed with the cardinal rule of graphic design: to take an idea and make it visually clear, concise, and instantly understood. Instead, graphics produced by avant-guard artists exclusively for the avant-guard (as opposed to their advertising work) were usually difficult to decipher, ambiguous, or nonsensical. This overturning of convention, this assailing of standard graphic and typographic formats, was part of a search for intellectual freedom. The impulse toward liberation enabled avant-guardists to see with fresh eyes untried possibilities for arranging and relating words and images on paper.
1.	According to the passage, the primary purpose of conventional graphic design is to

A.	render unpopular ideas palatable to a wider audience
B.	capture readers’ attention with bold fonts
C.	communicate nonsensical notions to a wide public
D.	communicate ideas as efficiently and unambiguously as possible
E.	introduce previously unknown ideas to the general public

For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, avant-guard artists of the early twentieth-century created ambiguous or nonsensical graphics as part of an attempt to
A.	expand the potential for expression through visual art
B.	compete with advertisements for reader’s attention
C.	encourage the expansion of small magazines

# Passage 109
According to **Hill and Spicer**, the term “nation-state” is a misnomer, since the ideal model of a monolingual, culturally homogeneous state has never existed, not even among Europeans, who invented the nation-state concept and introduced it to the rest of the world. Modern European states, they argue, emerged after the Renaissance through the rise of nations (i.e., specific ethnic groups) to positions of political and economic dominance over a number of other ethnic groups within the bounded political territories. The term “nation-state”, Hill and Spicer argue, obscures the internal cultural and linguistic diversity of states that could more accurately be called “conquest states.” The resurgence of multiple ethnic groups within a single state, Hill says, is not “potentially threating to the sovereign jurisdiction of the state,” as **Urban and Sherzer** suggest; rather, the assertion of cultural differences threatens to reveal ethnocentric beliefs and practices upon which conquest states were historically founded and thus to open up the possibility for a “nations-state” in which conquered ethnic groups enjoy equal rights with the conquering ethnic group but do not face the threat of persecution or cultural assimilation into the dominant ethnic group.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. discuss issues relating to a form of political organization by raising doubts about the terminology used to refer to it
B. trace changes in a form of political organization by examining the evolution of the terminology used to refer to
C. justify the continued use of an established term for an evolving form of political organization
D. question the accuracy of a new term for a form of political organization
E. compare two terms for a form of political organization

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The author of the passage quotes Urban and Sherzer most probably in order to
A. introduce a discussion of the legal ramifications of expanding the nation-state concept
B. summarize a claim about one possible effect of asserting cultural differences within a state
C. shift the focus of discussion from internal threats that states face to external threats that they face
D. point out similarities between the threats to states seen by Urban and Sherzer and those seen by Hill
E. describe one way an ethnocentric practice has affected attempts to assert cultural differences within a state

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	According to the passage, Hill and Spicer define nations as which of the following?
A. coalitions of distinct ethnic groups with similar concerns
B. distinct ethnic groups
C. culturally homogeneous states
D. linguistically diverse states
E. territorially bounded states

time: 6'45''

# Passage 110
From 1910 to 1913, women suffragists in the United States organized annual parades— activity traditionally conducted by men to proclaim solidarity in some cause—not only as a public expression of suffragist solidarity but also a conscious transgression of the <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">rules of social order</mark>: women’s very presence in the streets challenged traditional notions of femininity and restrictions on women’s conduct. While recognizing the parade’s rhetorical force as a vehicle for social change, scholars have recently begun to examine its drawbacks as a form of protest. **Lumsden** characterizes the American suffrage parade as a “double-edged sword”, arguing that women’s efforts to proclaim their solidarity left them open to patronizing commentary from press and public and to organized opposition from antisuffragists.
1. It can be inferred from the passage that men’s and women’s parades were similar in that both

A. were employed as rhetorical vehicles for social change
B. were regarded as violating contemporary standards of public decorum
C. made participants vulnerable to organized opposition
D. were largely ineffective as forms of protest
E. were intended by their participants as public declarations of solidarity

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The passage suggests which of the following about proponents of the “rules of social order?”
A. They frowned upon public displays such as parades.
B. They had ulterior motives for objecting to women’s participation in suffrage parades.
C. They formed the core of the organized opposition to women suffrage.
D. They believed that it was unfeminine for women to march in suffrage parades.
E. They supported women’s rights to vote but disapprove some of the methods that suffragists employed to gain that right

time: 3'22