---
created: 2023-08-26 00:01:42
updated: 2023-08-26 21:49:28
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas81-90
---

# passage 81
Following the United States Civil War (1861-1865), many former slaves in the rural South became sharecroppers (raising a landlord’ s crop for a share of the profits) or tenant farmers (selling what they raised and paying a share of the profits as rent). <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Most historians tend to depict these African Americans as victims of racism and the farm tenancy system</mark>. This approach, however, overlooks the role played by such African American rural reformers as **Robert Lloyd Smith**, founder of the Farmers' Improvement Society of Texas, and **Joseph Elward Clayton**, the first African American to organize farmers' institutes for the Texas Department of Agriculture. Both men advocated comfortable homes and better schools for African Americans; both attributed poverty and illiteracy to causes other than racism, such as insect damage to crops; and both worked to keep Black farmers on the land, although Smith opposed farm tenancy. Both were also accused by their contemporaries of downplaying the devastating impact of the farm tenancy system on Black farmers and of accommodating racism. While the extent of these reformers' influence requires more study, clearly their organizations provided a voice for African American farmers seeking to improve their positions in the agrarian South.

time:2'25''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	restoring the reputations of two reformers whose accomplishments have long been [[denigrate]]d by historians
B.	refuting criticism of two reformers made by their contemporaries by demonstrating that those criticisms are baseless
C.	providing evidence to support a claim that historians’ understanding of a particular phenomenon may be incomplete
D.	discussing some of the reasons that two reformers who were well-known during their lifetimes are considered by historians today to have been ineffective
E.	suggesting an alternative interpretation of the effect of the farm tenancy system on the economy of the rural South following the Civil War

2.	The author of the passage would most likely agree with which of the following statements concerning Smith and Clayton?
A.	More research is required to determine whether or not their organizations were typical of those established to aid African American framers in the post-Civil War rural South
B.	Their contributions to the improvement of the living conditions of African American framers were overshadowed by subsequent political controversy
C.	Their achievements as reformers have been exaggerated by many historians of the post- Civil War period
D.	There is evidence demonstrating that they were committed to aiding African American farmers in the rural South.
E.	The extent of the criticism made about them by their contemporaries is difficult to determine.

timer:3'53''

# passage 82
TEB Attorney: TEB Corporation has been accused of not doing enough to discourage its executives from defrauding the government. This accusation is obviously false, since TEB, following its own written policy, rewards those who report the wrongdoing of others and promptly fires proven wrongdoers.

Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the attorney’s argument in defense of TEB?
A.	“Wrongdoing” is defined in TEB corporate policies as “any activity by a TEB employee that
defrauds TEB.”
B.	TEB has instituted what it calls “customer friendly” policies of responding to every complaint customers make
C.	The government is not TEB’ s sole client, nor even its major client.
D.	Defrauding the government would have to involve more than one employee of any company that did so.
E.	Those who have accused TEB of not doing enough to discourage its executives from defrauding the government have themselves been government employees.

time: 2'21''

# passage 83
Throughout much of the Tertiary period( most of the past 65 million years), the Arctic supported continuous forests. Only toward the end of that period does the fossil evidence show that certain present-day Arctic plants were established and widely <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">distributed</mark> throughout the Arctic. Many Arctic plants are thought to have originated in the high mountain ranges of central Asia and North America, to have spread northward to the Arctic as global temperatures fell in the late Tertiary, and to have achieved a circumpolar distribution by the end of the Tertiary(about 2 million years ago). However, fossil evidence to support these proposals is either lacking or fragmentary. Consequently, the routes by which these plants expanded their ranges during their colonization of the Arctic remain unknown.

time:1'25''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.

1.	Which of the following statements about Arctic plants is supported by the passage?

A.	The decline in global temperature in the late Tertiary prevented many high-mountain plants from becoming established in the Arctic.
B.	There is not enough evidence to firmly establish the historical migration routes of present- day Arctic plants.
C.	Present-day Arctic plants are less likely to leave fossil remains than are plants outside the Arctic

2.	The context in which it appears, “distributed” most nearly means
A.	developed
B.	isolated
C.	dispersed
D.	divided
E.	disconnected

time:2'24''

# passage 84
Like Germany, but unlike other European nations, Norway industrialized rather late in the nineteenth century. Compared to Germany, however, Norway has a comparatively recent history of industrially based social classes and a much longer history of rather egalitarian class relations. The origin of Norwegian egalitarian predates industrialism and the rise of the labor movement. The preindustrial economy was based largely on a small independent peasantry who combined agriculture with fishing (in the north) or with forestry (in the south). Because Norway was under foreign rule for five centuries until 1905, and because the topography is unfavorable for large estates, a strong aristocracy and landowner class did not emerge in most of Norway. There were some exceptions to this pattern, especially in the southern regions where a landowner class did exist. Norway’s early social and economic history engendered egalitarianism, although, as has been pointed out by several observers, it was an equality of poverty.

time: 1'53''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with discussing the
A.	link between poverty and equality in the preindustrial state
B.	characteristics of industrial society shared by Norway and Germany
C.	effects of industrialization on social and economic relations in Norway
D.	roots of social equality in Norway
E.	emergence of social classes in Norway and Germany

2.	According to the passage, northern and southern Norway differed in which of the following ways in the nineteenth century?
A.	a landowning class was more likely to be found in southern Norway than in northern Norway.
B.	Southern Norwegian peasants relied primarily on fishing for subsistence, while Northern Norwegians relied on forestry.
C.	agriculture was a significant activity in southern Norway but not in northern Norway
D.	Southern Norway industrialized earlier than did northern Norway
E.	foreign rule effected southern Norway more profoundly than it did northern Norway

3.	The passage suggests which of the following about egalitarianism in Norway?
A.	It was a source of social stability that helped Norway survive five centuries of foreign rule
B.	It manifested itself in the same way after industrialization as it had prior to industrialization
C.	It did not necessarily provide a high standard of living for most Norwegians
D.	It produced a Norwegian industrialization that differed qualitatively from industrialization in other European countries in that the labor movement was less radical in Norway
E.	It was more pervasive in southern than in northern Norway

time: 4'02''
# passage 85
The Rivera Art Museum recently began charging admission. The resulting decline in visitors has been far larger than at other local museums, which have also begun charging admission. The magnitude of the decline might be due to the Rivera’ s location near government offices. Because an admission charge is most discouraging to those who plan a short visit, it is likely that government workers who formerly made brief visits during lunchtime and after work now do not.

Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the proposed explanation?
A.	The fee for admission to the Rivera is no larger than that charged by other museums
B.	The Rivera does not keep track of how long individual visitors stay in the museum
C.	The decline in visitors to the Rivera has been no greater in workdays than it has been on nonworking days
D.	The museum with the smallest decline in visitors is the most popular with visitors from other countries
E.	In the period between the announcement that there would be an admissions charge and its actual introduction, there was an increase in visitors at the Rivera.

time: 2'10''

# passage 86
The surface of Venus contains calcite, a mineral that absorbs the gas sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide is often produced by volcanic activity and is plentiful in Venus’ atmosphere, so there must be a source, perhaps volcanic, producing sulfur dioxide on Venus.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?

A.	In the recent past, the level of sulfur dioxide in Venus’ atmosphere was not much higher than it is now.
B.	If there is volcanic activity on the surface of Venus, it is not adequate to maintain the observed amount of sulfur dioxide in the atmosphere.
C.	The sulfur dioxide in Venus’ atmosphere forms clouds that prevent direct observation of the surface.
D.	Sulfur dioxide produced by volcanic activity on the Earth’s surface is also absorbed by minerals other than calcite.
E.	The calcite on the surface of Venus is in sufficient supply to continue to absorb sulfur for millions of years to come.

time: 2'17''
# passage 87
What accounts for the low-lying, flat surface of Mars’s north? On Earth’s surface, higher- and lower-lying areas have different types of crust: one, thin and dense, is pulled toward Earth’s center more strongly by gravity, and the planet’s water naturally comes to sit over it, creating oceans. The processes that generate this oceanic crust drive plate tectonics.

Is Mars’s north similarly characterized by a sort of crust different from other areas of the planet? Some researchers do see signs of tectonic activity surrounding the northern basin that suggest that it was created through the formation of new crust, like ocean basins on Earth.
However, **McGill** points to Northern bedrock structures that predate the features said to mark the start of the tectonic process. McGill instead believes that through some novel mechanism the ancient surface sank to its current depth as a single unit. This would explain why features around the basin’s edge, which would have formed as the surface dropped, seem to be younger than structures at its floor.

The third possibility is that the northern lowlands result from impacts. Some researchers suggest they formed as a series of big overlapping impact craters. Others arguing that the odds against such a pattern of impacts are large, postulate a single event-the impact of an object bigger than any asteroid the solar system now contains.

time: 2'45''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	explore an analogy between aspects of the geology of Mars and the geology of Earth
B.	describe how a certain feature of Mars’s surface formed
C.	point out the effect that new data has had on a scientific investigation
D.	summarize potential explanations of a large-scale geological feature
E.	present the rationale for a scientist’s theory and expose some of its weakness

2.	Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about geological features on Earth
A.	the relative elevation of the lowest-lying regions of the crust arises in part from forces generated within the planet
B.	the difference in elevation between the ocean basins and their surroundings is greater than the difference between Mars’s northern basin and its surroundings
C.	the formation of low-lying areas proceeds by a different process than the one that created Mars’s northern basin
D.	the weight of the oceans does not affect the depth of the ocean basins
E.	the proportions of the crust that is oceanic crust is increasing

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	As presented in the passage, McGill’s account of the formation of Mars’s northern basin differs from the other mentioned in that it alone
A.	explains the formation of certain northern bedrock features
B.	does not specify the force that caused the northern basin to be lower than its surroundings
C.	takes the northern basin to be a landform that is not analogous to any found on Earth
D.	denies that features around the northern basin are the result of tectonic activity
E.	attributes the creation of the northern lowlands to processes occurring within the planet

time: 6'57''

# passage 88
The waters east of Cape Hangklip were once the center of a lucrative wild-caught abalone fishery, but illegal fishing in the mid-1990s escalated to such levels that the recreational fishery was closed in 2003. When abalones did not rebound, commercial fishing was also banned.
Continual declines in abalone were attributed to poaching, but an invasion by rock lobsters during the early 1990s probably intensified the trend. Rock lobsters prey on sea urchins, and increased rock lobster densities coincided with significant decreases in urchins. In that area, urchins feed largely by trapping drift kelp, and in doing so provide juvenile abalone with both protective shelter and nourishment. Without urchins’ presence, juvenile abalones are less likely to survive to adulthood.

time: 1'38''

1.	According to the passage, since the early 1990s, sea urchins in the waters east of Cape Hangklip have
A.	significantly changed their feeding habits
B.	suffered increased predation from a certain species
C.	experienced increased competition for kelp, their main source of nourishment
D.	seen a sharp decline in the availability of kelp, due to environmental changes
E.	rebounded as commercial fishing in the region has declined

2.	According to the passage, which of the following is a true statement about the feeding behaviors of sea urchins
A.	They change according to the type of food available in an area.
B.	They are responsible for the decline of abalones in some regions.
C.	They have a significant impact on the young of another species.
D.	They make sea urchins more vulnerable to potential predators.
E.	They result in marked decline in certain regions.

3.	Which of the following statements about the Closing of the ‘‘recreational fishery’’ is supported by the passage?
A.	It was a measure taken in response to the invasion of the area by rock lobsters.
B.	It had unintended effects on the region’s population of sea urchins.
C.	It was enacted after the banning of commercial fishing in the region.
D.	It did not stem the decline of abalone in the region.
E.	It had a short-lived effect on the area’s abalone population.

4.	It can be inferred from the passage that the decline of abalones in the waters east of Cape Hangklip was probably due in part to
A.	an increase in the area’s population of rock lobsters
B.	illegal harvesting of adult abalones in the area
C.	a change in the feeding behavior of sea urchins

time: 4'29''

# passage 89
Some conservationists, concerned about the rapid depletion through poaching of elephant herds in certain parts of Africa, are urging countries to which ivory is sold to ban ivory importation. This ban, they argue, would prevent ivory sellers from reaching their market, and elephant herds would have a chance to recover.

The conservationists’ recommendation as described is based on which of the following assumptions?
A.	The capacity of any illegal channels that may exist for the sale of ivory in export markets
cannot expand to meet demand in those markets
B.	There now exist synthetic substitutes for ivory that are essentially indistinguishable from the natural product
C.	Bans on imports of ivory need to be combined with intensified efforts to stop poaching in order to be effective
D.	To the economies of those countries that have significant elephant herds, elephants are more valuable alive than dead
E.	In some parts of Africa where poaching has depleted elephant herds, those herds are already beyond recovery

time: 1'35''
# passage 90
One of the reasons why many early British colonies in North America failed amid the New World’s abundance was that the settlers’ mindset prevented them from living like the native inhabitants. From Native Americans, the settlers learned such skills as building <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">brushwood weirs</mark> to trap fish, but they did not adopt the real key to success: mobility. The whole intellectual foundation of European civilization was fixity- a worldview profoundly different from that of Native Americans, who moved in response to changing food resources. Settlers were drawn to North America by tales its extraordinary abundance, not realizing that abundance is seasonal. Culture and ecological knowledge allowed Native Americans to exploit different food sources at different time of year.

time: 1'05''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The author suggests which of the following about the early British colonies in North America that failed?
A.	Their inhabitants’ worldview was deeply affected with native people and practices
B.	Their inhabitants experienced critical food shortages in part because their culture hindered their ability to exploit seasonally available resources.
C.	Their longevity would have been greater had the inhabitants adopted more of the fishing technologies used by Native Americans

2.	The author mentions “brushwood weirs” primarily in order to
A.	demonstrate that Native Americans provided certain forms of assistance to colonial settlers
B.	identify a skill that allowed Native Americans to thrive in regions where colonies failed to
C.	distinguish the kinds of technologies used by Native Americans from those used by colonial settlers
D.	acknowledge that colonial settlers adopted certain American ways even though they failed in the New World
E.	contrast the assumptions of British colonial settlers and Native Americans in the New World

time: 2'28''

---

# 答案

passage 81

答案：C

解析：文章首先描述现象：内战后，很多前奴隶成为 sharecroppers 或者 tenant farmers. 二句介绍主流历史学家的观点：把两个黑人改革的代表人物（RLS,JEC）看作 anti-racists. 之后是作者的评论：两人主要是务实的改革家，尽管有反种族主义的成分。文章末句总结：尽管如何认识他们的影响有争议，他们确实作出了实际的贡献。

该题针对文章主旨。通过文章结构分析可知 C 选项最准确：作者的评论举证反驳了主流历史学家的观点。文章并没体现历史学家对改革者的毁谤，所以也不存在恢复名誉，A 错；文章没有同时代人对这两个改革者的批判，B 错；文章没有讨论改革者为什么会出名，D 错；文中也没有详述 farm tenancy system 对南方经济的影响，E 错。

2. 答案：D

解析：题目问作者对两位改革者的评价。文章最后一句典型体现作者对他们的评价：While theextent of these reformers’ influence requires morestudy, early their organizations provided a voice for African American farmersseeking to improve their positions in the agrarian South。D 选项最准确。

passage 82

答案：A

解析：削弱题。律师辩护理由：TEB 已经根据自己的规定奖励了举报人员，开除了 wrongdoers。律师辩护结论：TEB 做出足够的努力来防止欺诈政府的行为，指控是错误的。针对理由和结论之间可能的概念跳跃，如果说 Wrongdoing 的定义是危害 TEB 公司自身的行为，那么即使 TEB 公司开除了 Wrongdoers，也不能成为“TEB 没有做出足够的努力来防止欺诈政府的行为”辩护的理由，因为指控所定义的过错和公司所定义的过错是不一样的，因此 A 选项正确。

passage 83

1. 答案：B

解析：文章首句二句指出特殊事实：当代北极植物是最近 65 million 年才迁移到北极的。针对该事实的一种观点解释：这些植物起源于中亚和北美高山，随气候变冷迁移到北极地区。However 转折后，作者指出支持前述观点的证据缺失。该题需要根据选项定位原文。B 选项可定位到原文：theroutes by which these plants expanded their ranges during their colonization of the Arctic remain unknown。

2. 答案：C

解析：根据上下文：Only toward the end of that period doesthe fossil evidence show that certain present-day Arctic plants wereestablished and widely distributedthroughout the Arctic. Many Arctic plants are thought to have originated in the high mountain rangesof central Asia and North America, to have spreadnorthward to the Arctic…... 根据下句 originated, spread 可确定 distribute 是分散、传播的意思。

passage 84

1. 答案：D

解析：文章首先通过和德国的比较，描述挪威工业化相关的特点：历史悠久的相对平等的阶层关系。之后分析该平等的原因。该题问文章主旨，根据文章结构分析可知 D 选项最准确。

2. 答案：A

解析：根据关键词定位到原文：a strong aristocracy and landownerclass did not emerge in most of Norway. There were some exceptions to thispattern, especially in the southern regions where a landowner class did exist，可知 A 选项。

3. 答案：C

解析：选项定位。C 选项可定位到最后一句：Norway’s early social and economic history engendered egalitarianism,although, as has been pointed out by several observers, it was an equality ofpoverty。

passage 85

答案：C

解析：文章是现象解释结构。现象：同样开始收费，Rivera Art Museum 游客下降比其他本地博物馆更严重。原因解释：博物馆靠近政府办公楼，所以游客主体为政府工作人员。当博物馆收费后，这些人选择不在午餐休息时间逛博物馆导致了短时参观人流减少。C 选项采取求异法对比思路：非工作日（周末）的长时参观数量下降一样多甚至可能更多，否定了原文针对短时参观的解释。

passage 86

答案：A

解析：文章背景信息：金星大气中二氧化硫由火山活动产生，由钙吸收。文章理由：金星当前大气中有大量二氧化硫。文章的结论是：Venus 上现在有火山之类的产生 sulfur dioxide 的源头。A 选项取非，金星过去二氧化硫比现在显著更高，意味着现在的二氧化硫有可能是过去遗留的，现在只有吸收，没有释放来源。

passage 87

1. 答案：D

解析：文章针对火星北部低平表明讨论原因解释。首段和二段开头讨论解释 1：类似地球的不同地壳导致的板块移动最终导致该低地。二段 however 转折后，McGill 指出早于版块移动的地质构造，质疑版块解释说，提出新机制说。第三中解释是外部冲击。该题针对文章主旨，根据文章结构分析可知 D 选项最准确。

2. 答案：A

解析：根据关键词定位到原文首段：On Earth’s surface, higher- and lower-lyingareas have different types of crust: one, thin and dense, is pulled towardEarth’s center more strongly by gravity, and the planet’s water naturally comesto sit over it, creating oceans。板块动力来自行星内部，可知选 A 选项是最准确概括。

3. 答案：B

解析：问题考察 McGill 的理论与别人不同的地方。回到原文 McGill instead believes that through some novel mechanism the ancient surface sank to its current depth as a single unit 可知他的理论并没有明确指出到底是什么作用导致 the ancient surface sank to its current depth，只是模糊的说 through some novel mechanism，而第一种理论说 Some researchers do see signs of tectonic activity surrounding the northern basinthat suggest that it was created through the formation of new crust, like ocean basins on Earth，即假设这种作用是引力，第三种理论说 The third possibility is that the northern low lands result from impact，假设这是陨星撞击的作用。因此选 B。

passage 88

1. 答案：B

 解析：文章针对一种现象（CH 东部 abalone 渔业的衰败）的原因解释（过度捕捞）提出替代性解释（Rocklobster 的引入），然后描述 Rocklobster 导致 abalone 下降的生态链条机制。该题是细节题，根据时间线索和关键词 seaurchins 定位到原文 aninvasion by rock lobsters during the early 1990s …… prey on sea urchins, and increasedrock lobster densities coincided with significant decreases in urchins。 可知从 early 1990s 开始，由于龙虾入侵，海胆数量减少，所以选 B。

2. 答案：C

解析：细节定位题。C 选项能定位到原文：urchinsfeed largely by trapping drift kelp, and in doing so provide juvenile abalonewith both protective shelter and nourishment. Without urchins’ presence, juvenile abalones are less likely to survive to adulthood 可知海胆对于幼年期的 abalone 的生存和成长非常重要，所以选 C。

3. 【新增题目】答案：D

解析：归纳题，由原文已知信息推未知信息。由第二句 when abalones did not rebound, commercial fishing 可知 closing of the recreational fishery 没能够阻止 abalone 的减少，本题选 D。

4. 【新增题目】答案：AB

解析：A 选项正确，对应第三句，an invasion…intensified the trend；

B 选项正确，对应第一句。

C 选项无中生有。

passage 89

答案：A

解析：文章推理是典型目的手段结构。目的：阻止偷猎象牙到达市场。手段：象牙进口国家禁止进口象牙。文章必须假设手段能够实现目的。A 选项取非，非法渠道仍然能够到达出口市场，严重削弱结论：如此，则手段不能实现目的。

passage 90

1. 答案：B

解析：文章是典型现象解释结合对比结构。文章直接明确特定现象的原因：早期英国殖民地失败（尽管资源丰富）的原因就是：定居者的思维定势使得他们不能学习当地印第安人的关键生存技能——移动。后文对比展开欧洲人和印第安人不同的对居住的理解。

该题需要选项定位。

A 选项与原文信息相反。

B 选项正确。原文说：…..failed amid the New World’s abundance was that thesettlers’ mindset prevented them from living like the native inhabitants……butthey did not adopt the real key to success: mobility……changing food resources.….

C 选项不能从原文得出。原文认为欧洲人学习了本地印第安人的技术：the settlers learned such skills as building brushwood weirs to trapfish….

2.答案：D

解析：根据关键词定位到原文，结合文章结构可知 D 选项。

