---
created: 2023-08-19 21:48:38
updated: 2023-08-20 00:14:42
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】P51-60
---

# Passage 51

The relevance of the literary personality—a writer’s distinctive attitudes, concerns, and artistic choices—to the analysis of a literary work is being scrutinized by various schools of contemporary criticism. Deconstructionists view the literary personality, like the writer’s biographical personality, as irrelevant. The proper focus of literary analysis, they argue, is a work’s intertextuality( interrelationship with other texts), subtexts (unspoken, concealed, or repressed discourses), and metatexts (self-referential aspects), not a perception of a writer’s verbal and aesthetic “fingerprints.” New historicists also devalue the literary personality, since, in their emphasis on a work’s historical contexts, they credit a writer with only those insights and ideas that were generally available when the writer lived. However, to readers interested in literary detective work--say scholars of classical( Greek and Roman) literature who wish to reconstruct damaged texts or deduce a work’s authorship—the literary personality sometimes provides vital clues.

time: 2'19''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	discussing attitudes toward a particular focus for literary analysis
B.	describing the limitations of two contemporary approaches to literary analysis
C.	pointing out the similarities among seemingly contrasting approaches to literary analysis
D.	defending the resurgence of a particular focus for literary analysis
E.	defining a set of related terms employed in literary criticism

For the following question, consider each of the choice separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred from the passage that on the issue of how to analyze a literary work, the new historicists would most likely agree with the deconstructionists that
A.	The writer’s insights and ideas should be understood in terms of the writer’s historical context.
B.	The writer’s literary personality has little or no relevance.
C.	The critic should primarily focus on intertextuality, subtexts and metatexts.

3.	In the context in which it appears, “credit writer with” most nearly means
A.	trust a writer with
B.	applaud a writer for
C.	believe a writer created
D.	presume a writer had
E.	accept a writer for

time: 4'10''

# Passage 52
The physicist Wallace Sabine pioneered the scientific study of architectural acoustics when he was asked in 1895 to fix a **university lecture hall** in which the echo of a speaker’s words rendered them unintelligible. He found that the length of time it takes a sound’s echo to decay is determined by the absorption of the sound’s original energy by surrounding material. By hanging panels of sound-absorbing felt on the walls, Sabine reduced the echo enough to make the hall usable. And the data he compiled yielded a mathematical formula for the relationship between a room’s echo duration, its quantity and quality of sound-absorbing materials, and its spatial volume.

reading time: 1'05''

1.	Which of the following can be inferred about the ‘university lecture hall’ mentioned in the passage?
A.	It was not originally designed to be used for lecture.
B.	It was more suitable for listening to music than for listening to the spoken word.
C.	Its walls had surfaces made of material with very poor sound-absorbing properties.
D.	Its poor acoustics resulted from its being designed to accommodate a large audience.
E.	It was constructed at a time when sound-absorbing building materials were not readily available.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The passage suggests that Sabine’s work made which of the following possible for the first time?
A.	to make a room soundproof
B.	to build an auditorium out of sound-absorbing materials
C.	to construct an enclosed space in which sound would not echo
D.	to design a building to meet predetermined specifications with regard to echo duration
E.	to render any large room usable for public lectures and performances

time: 3'28''

# Passage 53
The manuscripts of the **eight extant Latin tragedies** identify the plays as the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae. Since nobody of that name is known, modern scholars believe the dramasto be the work of Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger, the well-known philosopher, orator and politician. Clearly the tragedies were written during Seneca’s lifetime: internal references to earlier poets, most notably Ovid, indicate that the dramas cannot have been composed prior to the second decade C.E., and the plays must have been written by 96C.E., when Quintilian quotes **Medea**, one of the tragedies.

It is remarkably, however, that Seneca himself never mentions the plays, since there are certain passages in them that could be used to illustrate points of his philosophy. There are at least two possible explanations. In the early Roman Empire, playwrights were sometimes exiled or executed for line constructed as directed against the emperor; thus, Seneca’s silence may be simple prudence. But if anyone could safely attach his name to dramas, surely it would be Seneca, the emperor’s tutor. And although Herrmann offers Seneca’s modesty as an explanation, Seneca is not averse to referring to his other writings. The evidence for equating Seneca with the author of the tragedies seems circumstantial.

time: 2'59''

1.	The author mentions Medea primarily in order to
A.	give an example of a play in which references to certain authors can be used to determine when the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae were composed
B.	acknowledge the possibility that the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written by Quintilian rather than Seneca
C.	suggest that certain of the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written near the end of Seneca’s lifetime
D.	argue that Marci may have been one of the last of the eight plays in the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae to be written
E.	indicate how the latest possible date for the time period during which the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragordiae were composed might be established

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The author of the passage makes which of the following claims about the eight extant Latin tragedies?
A.	There is only circumstantial evidence that the plays were all written by the same author.
B.	Scholars have persistently attributed the plays to Seneca despite evidence that some of them may have been composed prior to his lifetime.
C.	Evidence in the manuscripts of the plays identifies them as having been written by Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger.
D.	The plays contain some lines that have been construed as being directed against the emperor.
E.	The plays contain material that could illustrate certain aspects of Seneca’s philosophy.

3.	The author of the passage would most likely agree that if Seneca had in fact written the tragedies, then Seneca probably would have
A.	used the plays as platforms for his philosophical ideas
B.	referred to the plays in some of his other writings
C.	been in danger of exile or execution for certain line in the plays
D.	avoided attaching his name to be the plays out of modesty
E.	written the plays during the latter portion of his lifetime

4.	The author implies which of the following about Seneca’s status as the emperor’s tutor?
A.	It enabled Seneca to illustrate points of his philosophy to the leaders of the early Roman Empire.
B.	It had more of an effect on Seneca’s career as a dramatist than it did on his career as a philosopher, orator, and politician.
C.	It might have offered Seneca some protection from certain dangers playwrights typically faced.
D.	It required Seneca to avoid making references to his various writings.
E.	It required that Seneca take particular care that his writings could not be construed as being directed against the emperor.

5.	Each of the following assertions consistent with Seneca’s authorship of the plays appears in the passage EXCEPT
A.	There is no known author by the name to which the plays are attributed.
B.	Playwrights in the early Roman Empire were politically vulnerable.
C.	There are references in the play to Ovid.
D.	There are references in the plays to Seneca’s philosophical works.
E.	There are quotations from the plays in the works of Quintilian.

time: 8'41''

# Passage 54
The discovery of subsurface life on Earth, surviving independently from surface life, refuted the belief that biological processes require not only liquid water but sunlight as well, thus greatly enhancing the possibility of life beyond Earth. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Take Jupiter’s moon Europa</mark>. Space probes show a body covered with a thick layer of ice. As Europa orbits its planet, however, it flexes due to the gravitational tug-of-war between it,its sister moons, and Jupiter. Through friction, this flexing produces heat in the moon’s interior capable of melting ice. Indeed, observations suggest liquid water exists beneath Europa’s icy crust. Photosynthetic life is impossible there because sunlight is completely absent, but life such as the microbes that flourish deep within earth may still be possible.

time;' 1'33''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	Life on Europa in the form suggested in the passage would be dependent on
A.	the protection Europa’s icy crust gives against the harmful components of sunlight
B.	the existence of water on Europa
C.	the motion of Europa around Jupiter

2.	The highlighted sentence “take Jupiter’s moon Europa” serves to introduce
A.	an instance that allows a hypothesis to be tested
B.	speculation grounded in empirical discovery
C.	a deduction from a newly advanced hypothesis
D.	a large-scale effect of an apparently insignificant contingency
E.	the derivation of a contradiction to refute a claim

time: 3'01''
# Passage 55
Some historians have recently challenged the “party period paradigm,” the view, advanced by McCormick and others, that political parties—especially the two major parties—in the United States between the years 1835 and 1900 <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">evoked</mark> extraordinary loyalty from voters and dominated political life. Voss-Hubbard cites the frequency of third-party eruptions during the period as evidence of popular antipathy to the two-party regime. He correctly credits third parties with helping generate the nineteenth century’s historically high rates of voter turnout by forcing major parties to [[bolster]] supporters’ allegiance, lest minor parties siphon off their votes, and with pushing policy demands that the major parties ignored. Formisano stresses the pervasive record of nonpartisan and anti-party governance at the local level, and women’ s frequent participation in nineteenth-century public life, prior to their enfranchisement, in nonpartisan and antiparty ways as evidence of the limitations of the party period paradigm. **Yet McCormick would deny that the existence of antiparty sentiment during the period undermined the paradigm, since he has always acknowledged the residual strength of such sentiment during the nineteenth century.** In any case, the strength of the paradigm is its comparative thrust: the contrast it draws between the period in question and earlier and later political eras.

time: 3'15''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	correct a common misconception about a historical period
B.	identify a feature of a historical period that has often been overlooked
C.	challenge the validity of evidence used to support a claim
D.	discuss certain challenges to a particular view
E.	account for a particular feature of historical period

2.	Select the sentence in the passage that describes how a historian might reply to attempts to call his theory into question.

3.	In the context in which it appears, “evoked” most nearly means
A.	elicited
B.	recalled
C.	cited
D.	suggested
E.	elaborated

time: 5'04''
# Passage 56
Soil communities are dependent on plants for organic matter. Plants provide organic matter for soil communities through the decomposition of leaf litter, by oozing nutrients from roots, or through other methods of deposition of organic compounds into the soil environments. As a result of these diverse methods by which plants supply resources, unique soil communities form under different plant species and under plant communities that differ in composition. If a nonnative plant species invades an above-ground community of flora and fauna, it can alter links between the native above-ground community and the below-ground soil community. For example, an invading nonnative plant could alter the quantity of leaf litter production, which would alter nutrient contributions to the soil.

time: 1'24''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	According to the passage, plants supply resources to soil communities by which of the following methods?
A.	Some plants supply resources to soil communities by promoting diversity of above-ground flora and fauna.
B.	Some plants supply resources to soil communities by oozing nutrients from their roots.
C.	Some plants supply resources to soil communities by depositing leaf litter.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	Which of the following statements about the connection between above-ground plants and below-ground soil communities can be inferred from the passage?
A.	Because of the nature of the link between above-and below-ground communities, many soil communities are deficient in nutrients.
B.	The extent to which soil communities are dependent on above-ground plants is extremely variable from one soil community to another.
C.	Because different plants supply resources to soil communities in different ways, distinctive soil communities form under different plant communities.

time: 3'01''
# Passage 57
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Recent studies</mark> of the Philippine fruit bat fauna have confirmed some previous hypotheses regarding bats on oceanic islands: for example, species richness[ the number of different species in a particular area] and abundance are generally highest in the lowlands and decrease with increasing elevation. With few exceptions, each endemic species [species native to a particular place] is restricted to the modern islands that made up a single island during periods of low sea level, and <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">genetic differentiation has been influenced by the ecology of the species and the current and past geographic and geological conditions</mark>. However, far more previous hypotheses have been overturned than supported. Some endemic Philippine species use disturbed habitat as extensively as nonendemic species that are widespread in Southeast Asia. Levels of genetic variation within all species are high, not low, and rather than showing evidence of an intrinsic vulnerability to extinction from natural causes, independent lineages of these bats have persisted in rather small areas for very long periods of time(often millions of years) in spite of frequent typhoons and volcanic eruptions. While colonization from outside areas has clearly contributed to the high species richness, speciation within the archipelago has contributed at least a quarter of the total species richness, including many of the most abundant species.

time: 2'51''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	draw on studies of the Philippine fruit bat in proposing a new theory regarding bats on oceanic islands
B.	show how recent research on the Philippine fruit bat reflects debates about bats on oceanic islands
C.	argue for the relevance of certain new evidence pertaining to the Philippine fruit bat or the study of bats on oceanic islands
D.	discuss recent investigations of Philippines fruit bat in light of conventional wisdom regarding bats on oceanic islands
E.	explain why the Philippine fruit bat is atypical among bats on oceanic islands in terms of genetic variation

2.	The primary function of the highlighted text is to
A.	identify a finding from the Philippine fruit bat studies that will have a significant impact on how oceanic bats generally are viewed
B.	point out a hypothesis that has been the subject of considerable disagreement among researchers studying oceanic bats
C.	present evidence that is difficult to reconcile with other recent findings regarding the Philippine fruit bat
D.	illustrate a widely held view about oceanic bats generally that was confirmed by the Philippine fruit bat studies
E.	identify a feature of the Philippine fruit bat that does not appear to apply to oceanic bats generally

3.	Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “recent studies”?
A.	They point to the need for a significantly revised perspective on oceanic island bats generally.
B.	They were undertaken with the assumption that Philippine fruit bats were somewhat atypical among oceanic bats.
C.	They remain some what controversial among researchers because of the number of standard hypotheses that they tested.
D.	They have largely confirmed what scientists thought about the Philippine fruit bat.
E.	They suggest that bats on oceanic islands are more vulnerable to extinction than previously thought.

time: 6'51''
# Passage 58
Recent studies of the gender gap in the history of United States policies tend to focus on candidate choice rather than on registration and turnout. **This shift in focus from gender inequality in political participation may be due to the finding in several studies of voting behavior in the United States that since 1980, differences in rates of registration and voting between men and women are not statistically significant after controlling for traditional predictors of participation**. However, Fullerton and Stern argue that researchers have overlooked the substantial gender gap in registration and voting in the South. While the gender gap in participation virtually disappeared outside the South by the 1950s, substantial gender differences persisted in the South throughout the 1950s and 1960s, only beginning to decline in 1970s.

time: 1'42''

1.	Select the sentence in the passage that offers a possible explanation for a trend.

2.	According to the passage, which of the following is true about recent studies of the gender gap in the United States politics?
A.	They accurately depict voter preference in the South prior to 1980.
B.	They have been unduly influenced by changes in voter preferences.
C.	They fail to recognize important factors affecting levels of voter participation.
D.	They do not pay sufficient attention to the effect regional differences have on voter preference.
E.	They are more concerned with the choices that male and female voters make than with the frequency with which they vote.

3.	The author of the passage cites “several studies of voting behavior in the United States” to
A.	suggest that rates of change in political participation have moderated
B.	provide a possible explanation for a propensity among certain researchers
C.	indicate an area of research that is particularly promising
D.	speculate about the implications of a change
E.	suggest that a particular area of study has not been very productive

4.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	establishing the chronology of a transition
B.	discussing a perceived oversight
C.	explaining the reasons for a change
D.	evaluating an underlying assumption
E.	confirming the merits of a claim

time: 5'18''
# Passage 59
Recent studies of ancient Maya water management have found that the urban architecture of some cities was used to divert rainfall runoff into gravity-fed systems of interconnected reservoirs. In the central and southern May Lowlands, this kind of water control was necessary to support large populations throughout the year due to the scarcity of perennial surface water and the seasonal availability of rainfall. Some scholars argue that the concentration of water within the urban core of these sites provided a centralized source of political authority for Maya elites based largely on controlled water access. Such an argument is plausible, however, it is less useful for understanding the sociopolitical implications of water use and control in other, water-rich parts of the Maya region.

time: 1'29''

1.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about the political importance of the type of urban water management system described in the passage?
A.	Because the system was centralized, it allowed political control over a widely scattered population.
B.	The knowledge required to design and maintain the system became the pretext for Maya elites’ political authority.
C.	By selectively limiting access to water, Maya elites used the system to curb challenges to their authority
D.	The system is not sufficient to explain the sources of centralized political power in all parts of the Maya region
E.	The system’s continued maintenance required political authorities to exert control over an increasing proportion of economic resources.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, which of the following is true of the water management systems in the central and southern Maya Lowlands?
A.	They were implemented in part because of the prevailing pattern of rainfall.
B.	They were an integral part of lowland cities’ architecture.
C.	They were needed because of insufficient resources such as ponds, rivers and lakes in the lowlands.

time: 3'26''

# Passage 60
Ralph Ellison was passionately interested in visual arts. He immersed himself in Harlem’s art scene in the 1930s, even [[apprenticeship|apprenticing]] with sculptor Richmond Barthe for a time. Yet he was [[wary]] of projects aiming to provide a visual rendering of his novel Invisible Man. He reluctantly allowed Franklin Library to publish two illustrated versions of the novel but found the results disappointing and repeatedly rejected proposed film versions of the book. Despite his involvement in visual arts, Ellison insisted that only language could capture the complexity of American identity. This complexity consisted of the **tension** arising from the collision of the United States’ written ideals, as outlined in the founding documents, and the historical and contemporary experience molding the national consciousness.

time: 1'38''

1.	It can be inferred that the author mentions Ellison’s [[apprenticeship]] with Richmond Barthe primarily in order to
A. show that Ellison drew upon some aspects of the visual arts in developing his ideas for Invisible Man
B. show that Ellison’s claim for the superiority of the language drive from his experience with other are forms
C. establish that Ellison had experience with an art form that interested many leading figures of the 1930s Harlem art scene
D. suggest that in the 1930s the Harlem art scene provided an environment in which artists were likely to work in several media
E. qualify Ellison’s reservations about visual renderings of his work by showing that he was not indifferent to visual art

2.	Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “tension”?
A. It partly resulted from social injustices that Ellison worked to alleviate.
B. It came to Ellison’s attention partly as a result of his experience with proposed film versions of Invisible Man.
C. Ellison thought that it could not be adequately represented by sculpture.
D. Ellison believed that it arose from contradictions within the United States’ founding ideals.
E. Ellison felt that it was an issue that could not adequately be addressed through the depiction of fictional characters.

time: 4'01''

---
passage 51

1. 答案：A

解析：文章作者围绕对于 the literary personality 的观点，介绍不同学派的学者对其看法，并表明自己的态度。多种当代批评流派重视。解构主义（Deconstructionists）轻视，认为 intertextuality, subtext,metatexts 更重要。新历史主义者（New historicists）也轻视，认为作家生活年代的思想潮流更重要。However 转折后是作者立场，作者认为，literary personality 有其关键价值。

该题考察文章主旨，由文章结构分析可知 A 最合适。

2. 答案：B

解析：问题要求选择 new historicists 和 deconstructionists 观点的共同之处，回到原文 Deconstructionists view the literary personality, like the writer’s biographical personality, as irrelevant……New historicists also devalue the literary personality 可知二者都否认 literary personality 的价值，所以选 B。

A 选项是新历史主义观点，解构主义没有提到。

C 选项是解构主义观点，新历史主义没有提到。

3. 答案：B

解析：词义理解题。根据上下文：New historicists also devalue the literary personality, since, in their emphasis on a work’s historical contexts, they credit a writer with only those insights and ideas that were generally available when the writer lived. 知其对应 devalue, 是 devalue 反义词，选项 B 最准确。

passage 52

1. 答案：C

解析：文章通过一个实际问题的解决介绍 WS 的研究。WS 被邀请解决一个大学讲堂的回声问题。WS 发现了回声问题的原因，成功解决了问题，并且形成数学公式。

该题问细节功能，根据关键词定位到原文“a university lecture hall in which the echo of a speaker’s wordsrendered them unintelligible”和“By hanging panels of sound-absorbing felt on the walls, Sabine reducedthe echo enough to make the hall usable”可知 C 选项最准确。

2. 答案：D

解析：该题目需要概括 WS 的工作，结合文章结构分析可知 D 最准确。

passage 53

1. 答案：E

解析：文章针对 8 个现存悲剧的作者确认问题。首段介绍一些现代学者的观点：作者应该是 Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger。从年代相关的证据上，LuciusAnnaeus Seneca the Younger 符合要求。二段针对首段作者确认的疑问：Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger 本人为何没有提及这些作品？作者介绍了两个可能解释之一：Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger 的谨慎态度。But 转折后，作者提出自己的质疑：LuciusAnnaeus Seneca the Younger 作为皇帝的辅导老师，不应该谨慎呀！LuciusAnnaeus Seneca the Younger 不应该是这些悲剧的作者。根据关键词定位到原文“…and the plays must have been written by 96C.C., when Quintilian quotesMedea, one of the tragedies”, Medea 被别人 Q 引用，自然应该现有 Medea.可知 E 选项，该时间是悲剧被创作的最晚可能时间。

2. 答案：E

解析：该题需要选项定位。E 选项可定位到原文二段首句：“It is remarkably,however, that Seneca himself never mentions the plays, since there are certainly passages in them thatcould be used to illustrate points of his philosophy”。

3. 答案：B

解析：根据文章结构定位到原文二段末：“But if anyone could safely attach his name to dramas, surely it would be Seneca, the emperor’s tutor. And although Herrmann offers Seneca’s modesty asan explanation, Seneca is not averse to referring to his other writings. The evidence for equating Seneca with the author of the tragedies seems circumstantial.”，由作者因为 Seneca 没有在其他作品中提到这些 plays 而对 Seneca 是不是真正的作者感到怀疑，可知 B 选项，作者认为，如果 Seneca 真是作者，他应该提到这些悲剧作品。

4. 答案：C

解析：题目问作者就 Seneca 作为皇帝导师的身份暗示了什么。定位到该二句：In the early Roman Empire, playwrights were sometimes exiled or executed forline constructed as directed against the emperor; thus, Seneca’s silence may besimple prudence. But if anyone could safely attach his name to dramas, surelyit would be Seneca, the emperor’s tutor. 前句说当时剧作家有时因剧本内容受到迫害，以之解释 Seneca 的不署名。但后句说：如果有什么人是安全的，当然首先是 Seneca, 皇帝的导师。作者否定用“担心受到迫害”来解释 Seneca 的不署名，暗示说，因为皇帝导师的什么，Seneca 是安全的。

5. 答案：D

解析：排除题。以下断言都是与文章中 Seneca 作为戏剧作者的身份一致的，除了：

D 选项原文没有依据。原文二段首句：there are certain passages in them that could be used to illustrate points of hisphilosophy. 能够被用来阐明作者的哲学观点，不同于 D 选项：Seneca 戏剧中确定有提到作者哲学作品的内容。

其他选项，A 选项，原文首段二句：Since nobody of that name is known。

B 选项，原文二段：In the early Roman Empire, playwrights were sometimes exiled or executed for line constructed as directed against the emperor。

C 选项，原文首段：internal references to earlier poets, most notably Ovid。

E 选项，原文首段：the plays must have been written by 96 C.E., when Quintilian quotes Medea, one of the tragedies。

passage 54

1. 答案：BC

解析：文章围绕地球深处新发现（独立于太阳光，只依赖液态水的生命）展开，说明对于太空生命探索的意义。作者用 Europa 举例，说其地下可能存在液态水，从而有可能存在独立于阳光的生命。

    题目针对Europa存在生命的条件，定位原文“As Europa orbitsits planet, however, it flexes due to the gravitational tug-of-war between it,its sister moons, and Jupiter. Through friction, this flexing produces heat inthe moon’s interior capable of melting ice”可知选项B、C。

2. 答案：B

解析：该题问高亮句子功能，由文章结构分析可知 B 选项最准确。Europa 例子主要用来推测。A 选项不准确，后文没有说对 Europa 的猜测能够被核实。

passage 55

1. 答案：D

解析：文章首先介绍一些历史学家对于以 McCormick 为主倡导的“party period paradigm”的质疑。Voss-Hubbard 主要引用第三党的存在作为证据。Formisano 主要强调该时期 nonpartisan and anti-partygovernance 的证据。Yet 转折后，作者为 McCormick 进行了辩护：作者认为“party period paradigm”仍然是合理的观点。

根据文章结构分析，可知 D 选项最准确。A 选项“common”概念不准确。C 选项，challenge the validityof evidence 不准确。

2. 解析：问题要求选择体现一位历史学家对于质疑的反应，由文章结构分析，可知原文该句“Yet McCormick would deny that the existence of antiparty sentimentduring the period undermined the paradigm, since he has always acknowledged theresidual strength of such sentiment during the nineteenth century.”最体现此功能。

3. 答案：A

解析：词义理解。定位原文“that politicalparties—especially the two major parties—in the United States between the years1835 and 1900 evoked extraordinary loyalty from voters and dominated political life.”，根据上下文句义要求，可知 A 最准确：“引起，诱发”某种情感态度。

passage 56

1. 答案：BC

解析：文章首先介绍地面植物对于土壤结构（soilcomposition）的重要影响，以其作为理由说明外来植物物种的入侵对于土壤结构的影响。

    题目问植物为土壤提供资源的方式，根据关键词定位到原文二句：“Plantsprovide organic matter for soil communities through the decomposition of leaflitter, by oozing nutrients from roots, or through other methods of depositionof organic compounds into the soil environments”。可知选择BC选项。A选项原文没有提及。

2. 答案：C

解析：该题需要选项定位。答案 AB 在原文中找不到依据。根据原文“As a result of these diverse methods by which plants supplyresources, unique soil communities form under different plant species and underplant communities that differ in composition”可知 C 正确。

passage 57

1. 答案：D

解析：文章针对新研究成果之前观点的关系展开。

开头介绍的是被新研究成果核实的老观点：1 物种丰富性和海拔负相关。2 本地物种和地理因素（海岛分隔）相关。3 基因区分演化（genetic differentiation）受物种所在生态环境影响。However 转折后是被新证据推翻的老观点，新证据表明：

1. 一些本地物种能象外来物种一样适应利用不规则生态栖息地（disturbedhabitat）

2. 所有物种（本地／外地）基因变化程度都高  

3.（本地／外地）都能在小区域延续独立种系（independentlineages）

4. 本地物种分化对物种丰富性贡献大。

该题目针对文章主旨从全文整体结构分析可知选 D 选项最合适。

A 选项, a new theory 文章无。

B 选项，文章没有 debates.

C 选项，文章没有讨论证据是否具有相关性（relevance）。

E 选项，文章没有说菲律宾果蝇 atypical。

2. 答案：D

根据文章结构，注意到高亮句 genetic differentiation has been influenced by the ecology of the species and the current and past geographic and geological conditions 前有一个重要的表示并列的逻辑信号词“and”，可知高亮句和前半句一起服务于首句提出的观点。所以，该题答案选 D。

3. 答案：A

解析：该题需要根据文章结构比较选项。

B 答案错误，原文中并没有出现 atypical 的描述；C 不准确，原文中并没有提到研究者之间的争论；D 错误，因为 far more previous hypotheses have been overturned than supported；E 错误，vulnerable 概念原文没有。A 选项最准确，因为文章重点在于转折后：far moreprevious hypotheses have been overturned than supported。

passage 58

1. 答案：第二句

解析：文章是对最近研究趋势（关于选举政治中的性别差异）的解释：因为几个研究的发现表明选举行为的性别差异不再显著。However 转折后说，F & S 认为，南方的性别差异仍然显著。

      该题要求找针对特定趋势的原因，根据文章结构可以定位到二句：This shift in focusfrom gender inequality in political participation may be due to the finding inseveral studies of voting behavior in the United States that since 1980…….。“due to”部分就是原因解释。

2. 答案：E

解析：该题需要选项定位。

E 选项可以定位到原文 Recent studies of the gender gap in the history of United States policies tend to focus oncandidate choice rather than on registration and turnout. 其中，the frequency with which they vote 对应原文：registrationand turnout。此题容易错选 D 选项，注意 voter preference 指的其实就是 candidate choice，这个题没有说不同地区的 candidate choice 的差异，而是说的男女投票人的报名和出席的差异。

3. 【新增题目】答案：B

解析：信息目的题，考查句间句内关系。本文提到 several studies 是作为一个原因提出的，may be due to…,用来解释 shift in focus from…，本题选 B。

4. 【新增题目】答案：B

解析：主旨题考查文章结构：文章开头提出最近的研究倾向于 candidate choice rather than a registration and turnout。然而，在后文中指出这种做法 overlooked the substantial gender gap in registration and voting in the South。B 选项符合文章结构。

passage 59

1. 答案：D

解析：文章围绕最近的关于古玛雅水管理的研究发现展开。水利用设施的发现被认为有利于中央集权的管理制度。文章末句，作者指出，该观点不适合于水资源丰富的地区（尽管对于缺乏水资源的地区有道理）

该题需要理解选项与文章结构的匹配程度。

A 选项，a widely dcatered population 文章没有。

B 选项，原文没有强调前提必要性：pretext。

C 选项，原文没有提到 challenges。

E 选项, 原文没有提到 continued maintenance。

D 选项最合适地概括了文章结构。

2. 答案：ABC

解析：定位到原文 In the central and southern Maya Lowlands, this kind of water control was necessary to support large populations throughout the year due to the scarcity of perennial surface water and the seasonal availability of rainfall 可知 AC 正确。pattern of rainfall 对应于 seasonal availabilityof rainfall，insufficient resources such as ponds, rivers and lakes 对应于 scarcity of perennial surface water。

B 选项对应首句：Recent studies ofancient Maya water management have found that the urban architecture of some cities was used to divert rainfall runoff into gravity-fed systems of interconnected reservoirs.

passage 60

1. 答案：E

解析：文章围绕 Ralph Ellison 对于视觉艺术的态度。Yet 转折前介绍他的认可态度，转折后重点强调他的负面态度：勉强接受两个对于 Invisible Man 插图版的出版，持续拒绝电影版的改编，坚持认为只有语言才能表达美国身份的复杂性，认为该复杂性来自美国建国文件和当代经验的冲突。

       该题针对文章细节，根据关键词Ellision’s apprenticeship定位到原文Ralph Ellison was passionately interested in visual arts……even apprenticing with sculptor Richmond Barthe for a time. Yet hewas wary of projects aiming to provide a visual rendering of his novelInvisible Man。结合文章结构，可知举这个例子是为后文他拒绝视觉艺术作出让步，他对视觉艺术不是完全负面态度。

2. 答案：C

解析：根据关键词 tension 定位到原文 This complexity consisted of the tension arising from the collision of the United States’ written ideals, as outlined in the founding documents, and the historical and contemporary experience molding the national consciousness，结合前句：Ellison insisted that only language could capture the complexity of American identity，可知 Ellison 相信文字能比 visual art 更好的描述该矛盾，所以选 C。