---
created: 2023-08-27 00:16:24
updated: 2023-08-28 19:58:48
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas111-121
---

# Passage 111
Unlike most Jane Austen scholarship before 1980, much recent scholarship analyzes the novels of Austen, who lived from 1775 to 1817, in the context of Austen’s tumultuous times, which saw the French and American revolutions and the Napoleonic Wars. Yet **Frantz** notes another revolution, rarely mentioned in Austen scholarship: the Great Masculine Renunciation that altered conventions in men’s dress and behavior. During the later eighteenth century, wealthy gentlemen exchanged the velvets and satins long in fashion for somber woolen suits. Frantz contends that this change reflected deeper cultural changes. The value once placed on men’s expressiveness, reflected in **Mackenzie**’s novel The Man of Feeling (1771), gave way to a preference for emotional restraint. In Austen’s novels, the heroine often struggles to glimpse the true nature of hero beneath his reserved exterior.

reading: 1'31''

1. The author of the passage mentions The Man of Feeling (1771) in order to
A. contrast Mackenzie’s reasons for writing novels with those of Austen
B. introduce evidence regarding the influence of particular writers on Austen
C. corroborate a claim that a convention of masculine behavior changed during Austen’s lifetime
D. suggest that Austen’s novels were more reflective of their historical context than Mackenzie’s had been
E. challenge a particular misconception about the modes of behavior common among gentlemen in the later eighteenth century

2. The passage suggests which of the following about scholarship on Jane Austen?
A. Much recent scholarship has begun to place greater emphasis on gender conventions governing men’s behavior during Austen’s lifetime.
B. Some scholarship has debated whether Austen’s novels depict emotional restraint as an admiral quality.
C. Certain scholars argue that Austen’s novels do not accurately reflect cultural changes during Austen’s lifetime that changed the way gentlemen dressed and behaved.
D. After 1980, scholarship on Austen shifted toward a greater emphasis on the historical context in which she wrote.
E. With few exceptions, recent scholarship depicts Austen as a writer who had little interest in the tumultuous events of her time.

time: 3'53''
# Passage 112
Whereas Carlos Bulosan aimed through fiction and personal testimony to advance both **Filipino** civil rights in the United States and the **social transformation** of the Philippines, **Yen Le Espiritu** has set herself the task of recovering life histories of Filipino Americans. Her work brings Filipino Americans of the generation following the 1934-1965 immigration hiatus <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">graphically</mark> to life. A special strength is the representation of Filipino American women, who were scarce among immigrants before the 1934 American curb on Filipino immigration but composed more than half of the immigrants to America since liberalization in 1965. **Espiritu**’s subjects document their changing sense of Filipino identity in the United States, much as **Bulosan** did as a member of the first substantial wave of immigrants.

reading: 1'28''

1. According to the passage, both Bulosan and Espiritu do which of the following in their work?

A. consider generational differences in Filipino immigrants’ responses to life in the United States
B. attempt to make allowance for the demographic variations among Filipino immigrants to the United States
C. employ fiction in addition to documenting actual life histories of Filipino immigrants to the United States
D. represent how life in the United States has affected immigrants’ sense of Filipino identity
E. examine the effects on Filipinos in the United States of the 1934 American curb on Filipino immigration

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> In the context in which it appears, “graphically” most nearly means
A. in writing
B. by means of drawing
C. impressionistically
D. diagrammatically
E. vividly

time: 3'27''

# Passage 113
1800 Thomas Dilworth’s New Guide to the English Dialogue was being widely used to teach reading in the United States. Dilworth's primer, unlike earlier ones, stressed the importance of children’s understanding what they read. While it is in fact unlikely that children would have recognized all the vocabulary Dilworth used, that was at least his stated goal. Dilworth recognized that primers should enable children to decode words from print with the form of language they already knew: speech. In contrast, many <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">earlier authors</mark> assumed that, just as introductory Latin texts taught children an unknown language, introductory English texts should teach English as if it, too, were an unknown language.

time: 1'23''

1. According to the passage, the “earlier authors” adopted a model for English instruction that
A. mirrored the practice used in Latin instruction
B. was originally formulated by Dilworth
C. was less esoteric than that adopted by Dilworth
D. stressed familiarity with the peculiarities of English spelling
E. emphasized the importance of fluent and articulate speech

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The author of the passage would probably agree with which of the following criticisms of English primers **predating** Dilworth’s?
A. Their Latinate grammatical terms poorly described the structures of English.
B. They failed to make effective use of the knowledge of language a child already possessed.
C. Their texts typically focused on subject matter that held little intrinsic interest for their readers.
D. They neglected to teach the language in a sufficiently systematic way.
E. They required a pedagogical method that few American teachers of the era possessed.

time: 3'56''

# Passage 114
Many scholars have argued that government investment in manufacturing in the southern United States during the Second World War spurred a regional economic boom that lasted into the postwar period. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">But much of this investment went to specialized plants, many of them unsuitable for postwar production</mark>. Large-scale, wartime government funding led to a massive increase in the number and scale of munitions facilities. By the war’s end, 216 munitions establishment costing more than $3.5 billion had been built, many of them located in the south. Indeed, according to one estimate, more than 70 percent of federally financed manufacturing construction capital in Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee went into munitions plants.

Even in the northern regions with strong prewar manufacturing economics, these plants were difficult to deal with once the imperative of war had been removed. In the south few industrialists had the capacity or desire to transform these factories to a peacetime function. Accordingly, at war’s end almost all of the **southern munitions facilities** were shut down, placed on standby, operated at a very low capacity, or converted to nonmanufacturing functions, usually storage. Although some reopened a few years later for use during the Korean War, the impact of the special plants on the South’s postwar economy was marginal at best.

reading: 2'00

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to

A.	propose an alternative explanation
B.	challenge a widely held position
C.	contrast two views of a phenomenon
D.	explain why a particular claim has been influential
E.	evaluate evidence used to support a particular view

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, some southern munitions plants built in the South during the Second World War were
A.	later reopened and used once more as munitions plants
B.	used for nonmanufacturing purposes after the war
C.	originally envisioned as continuing to manufacture munitions at high capacity even after the war had ended

3.	In the passage, the mention of “Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee” serves primarily to
A.	suggest that some states were better than others at anticipating postwar economic needs
B.	identify evidence used to support a view held by scholars mentioned at the beginning of the passage
C.	suggest that federal investment in some kinds of manufacturing was excessive
D.	identify the states that received the largest allocations of federal funds
E.	provide information to support a point about the nature of government investment made earlier in the paragraph

4.	In the highlighted portion of the passage, the author notes that plants were “specialized” primarily in order to
A.	support a claim about the way in which wartime imperatives determined the amount of government investment in southern manufacturing
B.	suggest that the federal government’s investments in southern manufacturing during the Second world war were largely ineffective
C.	identify a factor that limited the impact of wartime government investment on the postwar southern economy
D.	contrast the kinds of manufacturing facilities built in southern states during the Second world war with those built in northern states
E.	challenge a claim about the reasons for government investment in southern manufacturing during the Second world war

5.	The author implies which of the following about the manufacturing facilities built in southern states during the Second world war?
A.	They tended to be less well-suited to conversion to peacetime purposes than were manufacturing facilities built in northern states.
B.	They had a greater impact on the wartime economies of Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee than on those of other southern states.
C.	They temporarily allowed the southern states to surpass the northern states in creating manufacturing jobs.
D.	Few of them continued to serve their original functions during the postwar period.
E.	Some of them operated at a very low capacity during as well as after the war.

6.	It can be inferred that the author of the passage would disagree with the “scholars” mentioned in the first sentence about which of the following?
A.	The extent to which the postwar southern economy benefited from the wartime investment of federal funds
B.	The effect of government investment on construction of manufacturing plants in southern states during the Second world war
C.	The extent to which government-funded manufacturing facilities in the South actually benefited the United states effort to win the Second world war
D.	Whether southern munitions plants built during the Second world war were converted to nonmanufacturing functions after the war
E.	Whether government investment in manufacturing in southern states during the Second world war exceeded private investment there

time: 8'26''

# Passage 115
Although the passenger pigeons, now extinct, were abundant in eighteenth- and nineteenth- century America, archaeological studies at twelfth-century **Cahokian** sites in the present day United States examined household food trash and found that traces of passenger pigeon were quite rare. Given that the sites were close to a huge passenger pigeon roost documented by **John James Audubon** in the nineteenth century and that **Cahokians** consumed almost every other animal protein source available, <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">the archaeologists conducting the studies</mark> concluded the passenger pigeon population had once been very limited before increasing dramatically in post-Columbian America. Other archaeologists have criticized those conclusions on the grounds that passenger pigeon bones would not be likely to be preserved. But all the archaeological projects found plenty of bird bones and even <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">tiny bones from fish</mark>.

reading: 2'05''

1.	The author of the passage mentions “tiny bones from fish” primarily in order to

A.	explain why traces of passenger pigeon are rare at Cahokian sites
B.	support a claim about the wide variety of animal proteins in the Cahokian diet
C.	provide evidence that confirms a theory about the extinction of the passenger pigeon
D.	cast doubt on the conclusion reached by the archaeologists who conducted the studies discussed in the passage
E.	counter an objection to an interpretation of the data obtained from Cahokian sites

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	Which of the following, if true, would most call into question the reasoning of “the archaeologists conducting the studies”?
A.	Audubon was unable to correctly identify twelfth-century Cahokian sites
B.	Audubon made his observations before passenger pigeon populations began to decline.
C.	Passenger pigeons would have been attracted to household food trash
D.	Archaeologist have found passenger pigeon remains among food waste at eighteenth- century human settlements
E.	Passenger pigeons tended not to roost at the same sites for very many generations

time: 5'10''

# Passage 116
Feminist scholars have tended to regard women in the nineteenth-century United States who elected to remain single as champions of women’s autonomy and as critics of marriage as an oppressive institution. Indeed, many nineteenth-century American women who participated in reform movements or who distinguished themselves as writers and professionals were single. Yet this view of single women tends to distort the meaning of their choices. The nineteenth century saw the elevation of marriage for love as a spiritual ideal. Consequently, it became socially acceptable for women not to marry if such an ideal marriage could not be realized with an available suitor. Thus, many women’s choice to remain single reflected not a negative view of marriage but a highly idealistic one.

reading: 1'06''

1.	The author of the passage implies that many nineteenth-century American women chose to remain single because they
A.	believed that marriage required them to give up much of their autonomy
B.	had attitudes toward marriage that were influenced by contemporary reform movements
C.	wanted to take advantage of increasing opportunities to distinguish themselves as professionals
D.	doubted that their own marriage would live up to their notion of what a marriage ought to be
E.	had a negative view of marriage fostered by a change in social attitudes during the nineteenth century

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	The author of the passage suggests that the feminist scholars mentioned in the first sentence distort the meaning of certain nineteenth-century American women’s choices by
A.	ascribing those choices to a particular attitude toward marriage
B.	ignoring evidence about single women’s motives for becoming writers or professionals
C.	overestimating the number of nineteenth-century American women who were single by choice.

time: 3'04''

# Passage 117
Many researchers attribute the large number of physiological and behavioral similarities between birds and mammals, which have separate evolutionary histories, to endothermy (a thermoregulatory strategy whereby warm body temperature is maintained through internal heat sources). However, **Farmer** argues that parental care rather than endothermy is the key to understanding the similarities between mammals and birds. According to Farmer, while endothermy provides an explanation for a few similarities, such as the presence of body insulation, endothermy is just one characteristic among many related to parental care. The two purported advantages of endothermy that have been most frequently cited by researchers are an expanded range of inhabitable environments and the ability to sustain vigorous exercise.
But metabolism has to increase substantially (at great energy cost) therefore conferring any significant thermoregulatory advantage in terms of the former, and there is no causal biological linkage to explain why endothermy would be essential to sustain exercise. Farmer argues instead that endothermy evolved as a means to control incubation temperature and that the ability to sustain exercise evolved separately, as a means to improve a parent’s ability to forage and provision its young.

reading: 2'03''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	present a scientific theory that challenges a widely held theory
B.	summarize the basis for a large body of scientific research
C.	defend an established scientific theory in light of recent criticism
D.	express skepticism about the results obtained by a particular researcher
E.	compare the results of two particular scientific studies

2.	Which of the following best characterizes the organization of the passage as a whole?
A.	A position is noted, an alternative to that position is introduced, and then several points in support of the alternative are discussed.
B.	A theory is discussed, an inconsistency within that theory is illustrated, and then a recommendation is made for further inquiry.
C.	Certain research results are described, the significance of those results is explained, and then a novel interpretation of those results is summarized.
D.	A question is posed, a possible answer to that question is suggested, and then evidence is provided to corroborate that answer.
E.	A debate is outlined, contrasting viewpoints within the debate are discussed, and then one viewpoint is demonstrated to be correct.

3.	According to the passage, Farmer concedes that endothermy provides an explanation for which of the following features shared by birds and mammals?
A.	The ability to forage
B.	The ability to sustain exercise
C.	The instinct to care for offspring
D.	Flexibility in habitat usage
E.	Body insulation

time: 4'45''

# Passage 118
Prominent among theories of the function of sleep is Meddis’ immobilization hypothesis, which holds that sleep, rather than serving a restorative function, plays a protective role during times that animals cannot be usefully engaged in other activities. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Meddis reasoned that animals not immediately threatened by predators would be safer if they passed the time sleeping.</mark>

However, that hypothesis cannot easily explain why one often observes a rebound in sleep time or intensity following a period of sleep deprivation. Neither does the hypothesis explain
the existence of various states of sleep, which themselves may be associated with different functions.

reading: 1'07''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	According to the passage, the immobilization hypothesis fails to account for which of the following facts?
A.	That sleep does not appear to be a uniform and unchanging state
B.	That under certain conditions animals appear to need more sleep than usual
C.	That animals rarely sleep when a predator has been detected nearby

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	In the context of the passage as a whole, the highlighted portion serves primarily to
A.	present the thinking that led scientists to qualify a widely accepted view
B.	describe the basis on which a hypothesis was advanced
C.	illustrate the kind of reasoning that is applied in a branch of science
D.	explain how a hypothesis can be tested empirically
E.	relate the analysis that refined a tentative explanation

time: 2'30''

# Passage 119
In 1919 Britain experienced its largest ever reduction in industrial working hours, to 48 per week. In Dowie’s view the 48-hour week played a central role in Britain’s poor economic performance during the 1920s. Dowie argued that the reduction, together with rapid wage growth, drove up prices. However, **Greasly** and Oxley found that the First World War (1914-1918) constituted a more powerful negative macroeconomic shock to Britain’s competitiveness. And **Scott** argues that Dowie’s thesis ignores considerable evidence that hourly productivity improves when hours are reduced from a high base level. Crucially, Dowie’s thesis does not acknowledge that hours were reduced to around 48 hours a week for industrial workers in most industrialized nations at this time so far—undermining any potential impact of reduced hours on industrial productivity relative to other nations.

reading: 1'38''

1.	Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for Scott’s argument?

A.	Companies have generally found that part-time employees are less productive than full-time ones.
B.	When the total number of hours worked at a company increases owing to the addition of more employees, the usual result is improved productivity at the company.
C.	When the total hours worked by all employees per week in two companies are equivalent, hourly productivity tends to be equivalent as well.
D.	Companies whose employees usually work a high number of hours tend to have greater total costs than do similar companies whose employees work fewer hours.
E.	Companies have found that total output per employee is not necessarily changed by reductions in the number of hours worked per employee.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	It can be inferred from the passage that in the view of Greasley and Oxley
A.	a reduced workweek was ultimately beneficial to employees
B.	the economic effects of the reduction in working hours in 1919 were brief
C.	Britain became less economically competitive in the 1920s
D.	reduced working hours were the primary cause of the economic changes observed by Dowie
E.	the changes in economic performance in Britain in the 1920s were unforeseen

time: 4'17''

# Passage 120
The finding that there were rock-melting temperatures on asteroids for sustained periods is puzzling: asteroids’ heat source is unknown, and unlike planet-sized bodies, such small bodies quickly dissipate heat. **Rubin** suggests that asteroids’ heat could have derived from collisions between asteroids. Skeptics have argued that a single impact would raise an asteroid’s overall temperature very little and that asteroids would cool too quickly between impacts to accumulate much heat. However, these objections assumed that asteroids are dense, solid bodies. A recent discovery that asteroids are highly porous makes Rubin’s hypothesis more plausible. When solid bodies collide, much debris is ejected, dissipating energy. Impacts on porous bodies generate less debris, so more energy goes into producing heat. Heat could be retained as debris fall back into impact craters, creating an insulating blanket.

reading: 1'20''

1.	The passage suggests that one factor that has made it difficult to account for the temperatures once reached by asteroids is

A.	a miscalculation of the frequency of asteroid collisions
B.	a misconception about asteroids’ density
C.	a mistaken assumption about what the heat source of the asteroids was
D.	an underestimation of the rate at which small bodies lose heat
E.	an erroneous view of how asteroids were formed

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred from the passage that Rubin disagrees with skeptics mentioned in the passage about which of the following?
A.	Whether porous bodies generate less debris when struck than do solid bodies
B.	The temperatures asteroids would have to reach for their rocks to have melted
C.	The likely effect of impacts on asteroids’ temperatures

time: 3'56''