---
created: 2023-08-24 20:56:00
updated: 2023-08-25 16:12:03
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas61-70
---

# passage 61
Our terrestrial food supply comes from ecosystems transformed to produce a few comestible species through the removal of competitors, predators, and pests, but marine capture fisheries depend on the overall productivity of natural ecosystems. There is, however, increasing concern about the impact of fishing and other human activities on marine ecosystems, which are now far from pristine. One option for moving toward both biodiversity and terrestrial food supply goals is to produce greater yields from less land, thereby freeing land for conservation purposes. By contrast, the objective of maintaining or resorting the biodiversity of marine ecosystems may conflict with the objective of maintaining or increasing our food supply from the sea, since the level of fishing required to achieve the latter may compromise the former.

reading time: 1'44''

1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. examine the impact of certain research findings regarding changes to ecosystem biodiversity.
B. discuss a possible implication of a difference between terrestrial and marine food supply sources.
C. describe the consequences of a certain kind of interaction between terrestrial and marine ecosystems.
D. identify an area of ecosystem research in which here are significant uncertainties
E. present evidence that undermines one side of a debate about biodiversity and supports the other.

2. According to the passage, increasing the food yield per unit of land can have which of the following effects?
A. enabling more land to be used for development purposes
B. compromising progress toward conservation goals
C. helping protect comestible species from competition and predation
D. helping reduce pressure on marine ecosystems
E. helping restore the biodiversity of terrestrial ecosystems

time: 3'02''

# passage 62
Much recent work has examined the claim that women encounter increasing obstacles relative to men as they move up the organizational ladder in business. This proposition, which we term the increasing-disadvantage model, is a core element of the popular glass ceiling metaphor. Despite continued widespread public acceptance of the glass ceiling idea and some consistent findings, most research to date has failed to support the increasing-disadvantage model. Indeed, several studies based on private-sector firms find that women’ s mobility prospects improve, rather than decline, as they climb upward in corporate hierarchies. In the public sector, researchers have found either no sex differences in mobility or a larger female disadvantage in lower grades.

Comparing cross-sectional national samples of workers, Baxter and Wright found no evidence in the United States, and only limited evidence in Sweden and Australia, that women’ s probability of being located in a higher versus a lower hierarchical level declined relative to men’ s at higher levels. Taken together, these findings suggest that the glass ceiling may be a myth. Women’ s scarcity in top organizational ranks may simply represent the cumulative effect of a constant-or even decreasing-disadvantage at successive hierarchical levels.

reading time: 2'02''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	compare two explanations for a recurring problem
B.	summarize evidence relevant to a hypothesis
C.	point out inconsistencies in a set of findings
D.	account for the persistence of a point of view
E.	reconsider the origins an ongoing issue

2.	Based on the passage, which of the following is true of the “limited evidence” from Sweden and Australia?
A.	It lends supports to the increasing-disadvantage model.
B.	It correlates with findings on women’ s mobility from most other counties.
C.	It suggests important cultural similarities between these countries.
D.	It points to a phenomenon not widely recognized in these countries.
E.	It helps explain the persistence of the glass ceiling.

3.	The author of the passage and those accepting the “proposition” would most likely agree with which of the following?
A.	Lower down on the organizational ladder, women tend to experience fewer disadvantages than they do at higher levels.
B.	Women experience no more disadvantages in moving up the organizational ladder than do men.
C.	The degree of disadvantage experiences by women remains constant as women move up the organizational ladder.
D.	The obstacles to women’ s advancement vary significantly from country to country.
E.	Women face some disadvantage at each stage of the organizational ladder.

time: 5'08''

# passage 63

In various writings from the 1940s on popular culture, George Orwell examined commercial texts such as comics and crime novels, seeking out political meanings that ran counter to what he considered an inherent tendency toward socialism in the English common people. The public, he concluded, was often being [[dupe]]d by a convert patrician conservatism, conveyed through commercial culture, that restrained the people’s radical instincts. These works constituted some of Orwell’ s greatest writing, yet those who see him as a lone precursor to today’s cultural studies, a field in which scholars examine the ideological implications of popular culture, are mistaken. A number of left-wing writers in the 1930s, many of them associated with the Communist Party, saw the need to take popular culture
seriously.

time: 1'26''

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The passage suggests which of the following about George Orwell?
A.	He regarded commercial texts a vehicles for the views of ordinary people.
B.	He regarded many commercial texts as having an [[insidious]] effect on readers.
C.	He considered commercial text such as comics to be unworthy of serious analysis.
D.	He initiated a new direction in scholarship by taking popular culture seriously.
E.	He regarded commercial texts as inappropriate vehicles for political ideas.

time: 2'39''

# passage 64
In the life of Charlotte Bronte(1857), the first and the most celebrated biography of novelist Charlotte Bronte, **Elizabeth Gaskell** promoted the long-persisting romantic view of Bronte as having no connection with the rest of English society at a time when industrialization was causing much turbulence, but as having sprung naturally, like so much purple heather, out of the English countryside. **Gaskell** also portrayed Bronte as irreproachably proper, incapable of “unladylike” feelings or dangerous views; this was at variance with the subversive spirit **Matthew Arnold** accurately discerned, albeit with distance, deep within Bronte’ s fiction. While correcting many of Gaskell’ s errors and omissions at last, even Winifred **Gerin**’ s Charlotte Bronte: The Evolution of Genius(1967) failed to discard Gaskell’ s viewpoint. Feminist have introduced new interpretations of Bronte’ s life, but it is primarily **Juliet Barker** who takes into account the larger world that impinged on that life-- the changing England in which old divisions of class and gender were under pressure.

time: 2'29''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	consider similarities in several studies of Charlotte Bronte’ s life
B.	defend a particular view of Charlotte Bronte’ life
C.	discuss a change in perspective on Charlotte Bronte’ s life
D.	depict the social environment in which Charlotte Bronte lived
E.	portray Charlotte Bronte as an early feminist writer

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The passage suggest that Matthew Arnold disapproved of Charlotte Bronte’ s fiction insofar as he believed that it
A.	overly romanticized the English countryside
B.	contained dangerous ideas buried within it
C.	perpetuated outmoded social distinctions
D.	failed to represent industrialized society realistically
E.	reflected an excessive concern with propriety

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	The passage suggest that Gaskell’ s biography of Charlotte Bronte advanced the idea that Bronte was
A.	one of the most celebrated of the romantic novelist
B.	an outspoken advocate of the social change
C.	opposed to the industrialization of England
D.	strongly influenced by the social upheaval of the times
E.	chiefly the product of a [[rustic]] environment

time: 8'17''

# passage 65
In the country of Seligia where asbestos has been used extensively in construction, that use is about to be banned, because the exposure of construction workers to asbestos can cause a certain type of cancer. We can predict that <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">the ban will result in reducing the incidence of that type of cancer in Seligia by as much as 50 percent.</mark>

It is true that <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">less than 30 percent of the death certificates of Seligians who have died of that cancer have “construction” listed as the deceased’s occupation.</mark> The cancer takes about 20 years after exposure to develop, however, and Seligians who have worked in construction commonly turn to less strenuous occupations as they age. Seligian death certificates indicate only the deceased’s last occupation.

reading time: 1'12

In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A.	The first is a prediction that argument seeks to defend, the second presents evidence that if not supplemented would cast doubt on that judgment.
B.	The first is a prediction that the argument seeks to defend, the second is a finding, the accuracy of which is disputed by the argument as a whole.
C.	The first is a prediction that the argument as a whole rejects the second presents evidence on which that rejection is based
D.	The first is a prediction that the argument as a whole seeks to defend, the second is evidence that the defense can be at best partially successful.
E.	The first is a prediction that is cited in order to justify a stated conclusion, the second is a consideration that has been raised against that conclusion.

time: 3'15''

# passage 66
In recent decades, scholars of American literature have skillfully revealed authors’ simultaneous accommodation and resistance to an increasingly commercialized, capitalized environment during the early nineteenth century. Historians of the period have not, however, fully exploited literary criticism, due to the disciplinary boundaries that mark contemporary academic research. Few historians have extensive training in critical theory and its specialized languages, and the sheer volume of work in early American history and literature challenges anyone who would master either field, much less both. Moreover, historians study people across the nation, but much literary scholarship called “American” actually examines works produced in northeastern states. And historians usually study the operations of capitalism in its details, while literary critics produce a generalized picture of literary commodification.

time: 2'03''

1.	As discussed in the passage, the literary scholars and the historians differ in which of the following ways?

A.	the amount of scholarship that they produce
B.	the nature of their geographic focus
C.	the extent to which they are critical of early capitalism
D.	the extent to which they are interested in interdisciplinary study
E.	The extent to which they restrict their focus to a particular time period

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The passage cites which of the following as a reason for historians’ failure to fully exploit literary criticism?
A.	historians’ overly thematic approach to literature
B.	historians’ conservative notion of what constitutes literature
C.	historian’s lack of interest in critical theory
D.	the distinctive nature of much literary criticism
E.	the ahistorical quality of much literary criticism

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	The passage cites which of the following as reasons for historians’ failure to fully exploit literary criticism?
A.	The amount of scholarship involved
B.	The distinctive nature of literary criticism
C.	The ahistorical quality of much literary criticism

time: 7'45''

# passage 67
In 1755 British writer **Samuel Johnson** published an acerbic letter to **Lord Chesterfield** rebuking his patron for neglect and declining further support. Johnson’s rejection of his patron’s belated assistance has often been identified as a key moment in the history of publishing, marking the end of the culture of patronage. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">However, patronage had been in decline for 50 years, yet would survive, in attenuated form, for another 50</mark>. Indeed, Johnson was in 1762 awarded a pension by the Crown—a subtle form of sponsorship, tantamount to state patronage. The importance of Johnson’s letter is not so much historical as emotional; it would become a touchstone for all who repudiated patrons and for all who embraced the laws of the marketplace.

time: 1'27''

1.	The author of the passage mentions Johnson’s 1762 pension award in order to
A.	reveal that Johnson remained consistent in his rebuke of Lord Chesterfield well after 1755
B.	provide evidence for a general trend in the latter half of the eighteenth century of private patronage’s being replaced by state sponsorship
C.	situate the debate over the end of patronage within the wider realm of eighteenth-century economic history
D.	suggest that Johnson’s letter to Chesterfield was noticed by the Crown only years after it was published
E.	emphasize that patronage still helped support Johnson’s writing after his letter to Chesterfield

2.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted phrase in the context of the passage as a whole? (patronage had been in decline for 50 years, yet would survive, in attenuated form, for another 50)
A.	It points out the most obvious implications of Johnson’s letter to his patron.
B.	It suggests a motivation for Johnson’s rejection of Chesterfield’ s patronage.
C.	It provides information that qualifies the assertion that Johnson’s letter sharply defined of the end of a publishing era.
D.	It provides a possible defense for Chesterfield’s alleged neglect of Johnson.
E.	It refutes the notion the patrons are found primarily among the nobility.

3.	The author of the passage mentions Johnson’s 1762 pension award in order to
A.	provide a specific example of patronage’s surviving into the second half of the eighteenth century
B.	emphasize that patronage still helped support Johnson’s writing after his letter to Chesterfield
C.	provide evidence for a general trend in the later half of the eighteenth century of private patronage’s being replaced by state sponsorship

4.	Which of the following statements about literary patronage may be inferred from the passage?
A.	It was strongly defended by most patrons.
B.	It was regulated by the state in Britain after 1762.
C.	It had largely fallen out of favor by 1800.

time: 4'58''
# passage 68

Historically, more cold-adapted antelope species originating in Eurasia have migrated into Africa, where the climate is generally warmer, than have warm-adapted African species into Eurasia. A likely explanation for this involves the fact that intercontinental migrations require both a land bridge connecting the two continents and the suitable habitat both on and across that land bridge. During periods of climatic cooling, such as the various ice ages, the land bridge is open for a long time (because sea level remains low) and is usable by cold-adapt species because cool habitats then extend across it. Thus during cooling most migrants would be expected to travel toward Africa, which is near the equator, since this is the direction dictated by habitat changes on a cooling Earth. In contrast, when the Earth is warm, the land bridge is reduced or gone because sea level is relatively high then. Only during the short lag between onset of global temperature change and sea level response can warm-adapted species migrate from the equator toward higher latitudes.

time: 2'01''

1.	According to the passage, which of the following is true of an Eurasia-Africa land bridge during ice ages?
A.	It offers suitable habitats for cold-adapted species of antelope.
B.	It encourages migration from Africa to Eurasia of cold-adapted species of antelope.
C.	It allows the survival of warm-adapted species of antelope that might otherwise home extinct.
D.	It is more likely to exist early in an ice age than later in an ice age.
E.	The habitats it offers change more quickly than do those offered by land bridges during other periods.

2.	The author of the passage implies that during the “short lag”, a land bridge between Africa and Eurasia would
A.	be inhabited primarily by species of antelope originating in Eurasia
B.	be characterized by areas of widely varying elevation above sea level
C.	be inhabited by a wide diversity of antelope species
D.	contain habitats that could sustain warm-adapt antelope species
E.	contain habitats similar to habitats at much higher latitudes in Eurasia

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	According to the passage, which of the following best accounts for the apparent bias in antelope-migration direction?
A.	Warm-adapted antelope species are rarely able to tolerate cool habitats, whereas cold- adapted antelope species usually can tolerate warm habitats.
B.	During global warming periods, land bridges, when present, lack habitats suitable for sustaining warm-adapted antelope species.
C.	Under most climatic conditions, Africa offers a larger number of suitable antelope habitats than does Eurasia.
D.	Many more species of antelope have originated in Eurasia than have originated in Africa.
E.	Land bridges are more likely to exist when climate change favors migration to warmer climates than when climate changes favors migration to cooler climates.

time: 5'38''
# passage 69
Historian **Colin Calloway** argues that in the late colonial period preceding the American Revolution (1775-1783), the British government sought to seal off territory west of the Appalachian Mountain from the encroachment of land-hungry White settlers, to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states, and to guarantee the integrity of traditional native American hunting grounds. By contrast, White Americans, released by the out break of the Revolution from the constraints of Britain’s allegedly benevolent policies, are portrayed by **Calloway** as ruthless land-grabbers whose new national government endorsed their rapacity. **Bernard Bailyn** argues, however, that the “Americans” who encroached on Native American land during the Revolution had been British only a few years before. When, during and after the Revolution, White Americans seized Native American land by any available means, they were continuing a tradition dating back to the **earliest years of English settlement in North America**. And, according to **Bailyn**, the British government’s prewar efforts to preserve the trans-Appalachian west for Native Americans resulted not from humanitarian virtue or ethnic tolerance but from British Merchants’ desire to maintain their lucrative trade with native Americans and the government’ s desire to control immigration and avoid costly conflict between White and Native Americans over land.

time: 1'54''
time2: 2'02''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	suggest that two different arguments about a particular historical period are both questionable
B.	present historical evidence that undermines a widely accepted viewpoints
C.	defend a revisionist historian’s thesis against traditionalist criticism
D.	outline opposing interpretations of a particular historical phenomenon
E.	resolve a dispute among historians over a controversial historical episode

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The reference to “the earliest years of English settlement in North America” serves primarily to emphasize the point that
A.	Calloway has exaggerated the ruthlessness and rapacity of White settlers in their relations with native Americans prior to the American Revolution.
B.	Seizure of Native American lands by White settlers had increased dramatically throughout the time of British Colonial rule.
C.	At one time White settlers had negotiated with Native American people as independent foreign states.
D.	White settlers had no legitimate ground for claiming title to land they seized west of the Appalachian Mountains.
E.	Aggression by White settlers against Native Americans during and after the American Revolution was not a new phenomenon.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	It can be inferred that both Bailyn and Calloway would probably agree with which of the following assertions regarding the relations between White Americans and Native Americans concerning the trans-Appalachian west
A.	The American Revolution unleashed an unprecedented wave of expropriation of Native American land by White settlers.
B.	The British government’s prewar policy towards the Native Americans was determined largely by the interests of British merchants who traded with the Native Americans.
C.	The British government tried to keep White settlers out of the trans-Appalachian west primarily in order to prevent disputes over land between those settlers and Native Americans.
D.	The new national colonial government to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states.
E.	One objective of the British government’s land policy prior to the American revolution was to prevent White settlers from moving to the western side of the Appalachian Mountains.

time: 6'30''
time2: 6'00''

# passage 70
The main exception to primate researchers’ general pattern has been the study of male care among monogamous primates. It has been known for over 200 years, ever since a zoologist- illustrator named **George Edwards** decided to watch the behavior of pet marmosets in a London garden, that among certain species of New World monkeys males contributed direct care for infants that equaled or exceeded that given by females. Mothers among marmosets and tamarins typically give birth to twins, as often as twice a year, and to court the female in her staggering reproductive burden the male carries the infant at all times except when the mother is actually suckling it. It was assumed by **Kleiman** that monogamy and male confidence of paternity were essential to the evolution of such care, and at the same time, it was assumed by **Symons** and others that monogamy among primates must be fairly rare.

Recent findings, however, make it necessary to reverse this picture. First of all, monogamy among primates turns out to be rather more frequent than previously believed (either obligate or facultive monogamy can be documented for some 17-20 percent of extant primates) and second, male care turns out to be far more extensive than previously thought and not necessarily confined to monogamous species, according to **Hrdy**. Whereas previously, it was assumed that monogamy and male certainty of paternity facilitated the evolution of male care, it now seems appropriate to consider the alternative possibility that the extraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infants did in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close, long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances, leads to monogamy. Either scenario could be true. The point is that on the basis of present knowledge there is no reason to view male care as a restricted or specialized phenomenon. In sum, though it remains true that mothers among virtually all primates devote more time and/ or energy to rearing infants than do males, males nonetheless play a more varied and critical role in infant survival than is generally realized.

time: 3'12''

1.	The author the passage mentions the work of Hrdy primarily to

A.	present an instance of untenable assumption
B.	illustrate a consensus by citing a representative claim
C.	provide evidence that challenges a belief
D.	highlight a corollary of a widespread view
E.	offer data that help resolve a debate

2.	According to the passage, the evolutionary relationship between male care and monogamy is
A.	incontestable
B.	immutable
C.	uncommon
D.	immaterial
E.	uncertain

3.	The author of the passage suggests that it is “appropriate to consider the alternative possibility” because the previous view
A.	results in a contradiction
B.	depends on problematic data
C.	appears less definite given certain facts
D.	conflates two distinct phenomena
E.	overlooks a causal relationship between correlated phenomena
 
4.	Which of the following statement, if true, would provide the greatest support to “the alternative possibility”?
A.	The number of primate species in which male care of infants is exhibited is greater than the number of primate species that practice monogamy.
B.	Male care of infants among primates can be seen earlier in the evolutionary record than can monogamy among primates.
C.	Monogamous relationships among primates can be found in species living in a variety of physical environments.
D.	Most primate species that practice monogamy do not show any evidence of male care of infants.
E.	Male care of infants can be observed in some primate species that lack male confidence of paternity.

time: 8'26''

---

# 答案
passage 61

1. 答案：B

解析：

文章对比了陆地农业和海洋渔业两种食物获得方式，并重点强调了海洋渔业的问题：与陆地农业不同，海洋渔业难于同时实现两个目的：增加食物产量和保护生态系统丰富性。

该题针对文章主旨，通过结构分析可知 B 选项最合适。

2. 答案：E

解析：定位到原文 produce greater yields from less land,thereby freeing land for conservation purposes，结合和海洋渔业的对比，可知 E 选项。

passage 62

1. 答案：B

解析：

通读全文可知文章新发现否定老观点结构。老观点：increasing-disadvantagemodel/ceiling metaphor for women. 相关新证据：1 私人领域,流动机会随职位升高而增加,2 公共领域，无性别差异或低级别更多不利, 3 国际研究中，多数相反证据。

该题针对文章主旨，可知 B 最合适。

2. 答案：A

解析：limited evidence 的原句是“women’s probability of being located in a higher versus a lower hierarchical level declined relative to men’s at higher levels.”，这个说法就是女性在高地位的概率降低，这也就是 increasing-disadvantage model 的同义改写，所以 A 选项符合。注意这个题不是在问 limited evidence 这句话的功能，而是在问 limited evidence 本身的内容。

3. 答案：E

解析：题目问文章作者与老观点的共同之处。老观点（increasing-disadvantagemodel）认为女性随职位升高面对更多因素。作者引用新研究反对老观点，在文章最后又清楚表明自己立场：Women’s scarcity in top organizational ranks may simply represent the cumulative effectof a constant-or even decreasing-disadvantage at successive hierarchical levels。可见，虽然作者和老观点就不利因素是否随职位提高而增加有分歧，但都同意：妇女面对不利歧视因素。所以选 E。

passage 63

答案：B

解析：文章是研究介绍加评论结构。George Orwell 研究商业文本，认为其抑制普通民众的本能社会主义倾向，公众的激进本能（社会主义倾向）会被商业文本中 convert patrician conservatism 所蒙蔽。作者 GeorgeOrwell 的这些研究高评价，但认为有早于 George Orwell 的对流行商业文化的严肃研究。

该题需要选项定位。B 选项可以定位到原文 GeorgeOrwell examined commercial texts ……The public, heconcluded, was often being duped by a convert patrician conservatism, conveyedthrough commercial culture。

A 选项无依据。在文章中，ordinarypeople 是商业文本的作用对象。

C 选项与原文相反。

D 选项与作者评论相反。

E 选项原文无依据。

passage 64

1. 答案：C

解析：文章是关于 Charlotte Bronte 的几个传记评论的介绍及评论，主要按照时间顺序介绍评论。文章作者认为：Elizabeth Gaskell 的评论强调 CB 作品受工业化时代环境影响小，体现乡村文化，强调 CB 思想观点的正确性。Matthew Arnold 关注 CB 作品中隐藏的颠覆性、破坏性思想。Winifred Gerin 还是受到 ElizabethGaskell 的影响。女权主义者引入对 CB 的新解释，但只有 JulietBarker 考虑到周围变化的世界对 CB 的影响。

该题考察文章主旨，根据文章时间线索结构可知选 C。

2. 答案：B

解析：根据人名定位到原文：this was at variance with the subversive spirit Matthew Arnold accurately discerned, albeit with distance, deep within Bronte’s fiction 可知 Matthew Arnold 认为 Bronte 的小说包含颠覆性的精神，是危险的，所以选 B。

3. 答案：E

解析：【根据人名定位原文：Elizabeth Gaskell promoted the long-persisting romantic view of Bronte as having no connection with the rest of English society at a time when industrialization was causing much turbulence, but as having sprungnaturally……out of the English countryside 表明 Gaskell 认为 Charlotte Bronte 深受乡村自然环境影响，所以选 E。

passage 65

答案：A

解析：文章第一段说 Seligia 石棉在建筑业有着广泛的应用。但由于这种材料会导致某种癌症，石棉将会被禁止。第一个高亮句是作者预测，也是作者核心结论：the ban will result in reducing the incidence of that type of cancerin Seligia by as much as 50 percent。

第二个黑体句（第二段开头）是作者让步承认的与核心结论矛盾的信息：less than 30percent of the death certificates of Seligians who have died of that cancerhave “construction” listed asthe deceased’s occupation。作者之后补充辩论说，因为从事建筑业的人老了后会改行，而通常死亡证明上又只会记录最后的一个职业。所以第二个高亮句需要后文补充，如果没有补充信息，就会质疑核心结论。A 选项是对两句黑体句在全文中功能的最准确概括。

passage 66

1. 答案：B

解析：文章首先指出矛盾现象：学者关注到 19 世纪早期的作家群体，但对该时期的文学评论研究很不充分。之后是作者对该矛盾（文学评论研究不充分）的解释：行业壁垒，缺乏批评理论训练，研究既不够集中，又不够具有大局观。

该题根据关键词 literary scholars, historians 定位到原文 historians study people across the nation, but much literary scholarship called “American”actually examines works produced in northeastern states，可知 B 选项正确。

2. 答案：D

解析：定位到原文对矛盾的解释：Few historians have extensive training in critical theory and its specialized languages, ……. And historians usually study the operations ofcapitalism in its details, while literary critics produce a generalized picture of literary commodification. 可知文学批评的独特的性质是阻碍历史学家的研究的原因，所以选 D 选项。

3. 【新增题目】答案：AB

解析：A 选项正确，对应第三句，文中提到：很少有历史学家接受过批判性理论及其专门语言的广泛训练，而美国早期历史和文学作品的数量之大，对任何一个想要精通这两个领域的人都是一种挑战，更不用说同时精通这两个领域了。

B 选项正确，与第二题重合。

C 选项无中生有。

passage 67

1. 答案：E

解析：文章针对一个文学现象（Samuel Johnson 拒绝赞助）理解的评论。However 转折后，作者反驳旧理解观点（a key moment in thehistory of publishing）,认为该事件不重要，仅仅是一个情感表达。

该题要求根据文章上下文理解题干关键词的作用。Johnson’s 1762 pension award 其实支持了作者的观点：该拒绝事件没有那么重要，他之后仍然接受了类似的赞助。E 选项最准确。

2. 答案：C

解析：该题考察高亮句作用。根据文章结构，可知该句用来支持作者核心观点，否定老观点解释。C 选项最准确表述了高亮句和老观点的关系。

3. 【新增题目】答案：AB

解析：本题与第一题考点重合，选 AB。

4. 【新增题目】答案：C

解析：根据原文 patronage had been in decline…，可推知 C 选项正确。AB 选项在原文中均无对应依据。

passage 68

1. 答案：A

解析：文章首先描述矛盾现象：更多来自欧亚大陆的适应寒冷动物迁徙到非洲，更少来自非洲的适应炎热气候动物迁徙到欧亚大陆。作者从大陆桥和大陆桥两边的适宜栖息地角度解释。气候寒冷期，大陆桥存在时间更长，适合适应寒冷气候动物迁徙到非洲。相反，气候温暖期，只有短暂的海水上升滞后期大陆桥才存在，适应炎热气候动物有更少机会迁徙到欧亚大陆。

该题根据关键词 ice age 定位到原文 Duringperiods of climatic cooling, such as the various ice ages, the land bridge isopen for a long time (because sea level remains low) and is usable bycold-adapt species because cool habitats then extend across it，结合前文可知选 A。

2. 答案：D

第二题：根据 short lag 定位到最后一句，可知在这个时间，耐热物种开始由赤道往两极迁徙，这就意味着该时期的大陆桥能够给耐热物种提供合适的栖息地，对应 D 选项。B、C、E 均无中生有，找不到对应。A 选项说反了，逻辑错误，这个时间的大陆桥是适用于起源于非洲的物种。

3. 答案：E

解析：题干所指 the apparent bias inantelope-migration direction 即指文章矛盾现象。综合后文解释中的比较，可知 E 选项：寒冷时期（适应向热带迁徙）比温暖时期（适应向寒冷地区迁徙）路桥更容易存在。

passage 69

1. 答案：D

解析：文章围绕 Colin Calloway 和 Bernard Bailyn 两人对同一现象（美国革命前英国政府对于阿巴拉契亚山脉以西土地的封存）的不同解释以对比的形式展开。Colin Calloway 认为是英国政府预防贪婪的白人殖民者掠夺印地安人土地。

Bernard Bailyn 认为英国政府是出于垄断贸易、避免战争目的而封存土地。

本题针对文章主旨，可知 D 选项最准确。

2. 答案：E

解析：通过高亮关键词定位到原文 White Americans seized NativeAmerican land by any available means, they were continuing a tradition datingback to the earliest years of English settlement in North America。概括该句可知 E 选项最准确。

3. 答案：E

解析：问题要求选择两人的共同点。E 选项针对两人同一解释对象。

passage 70

1. 答案：C

解析：文章首段指出特殊现象：一夫一妻制灵长类动物中存在父亲对婴儿的照顾现象。GeorgeEdwards 观察到该类现象。Kleiman 认为一夫一妻制，父亲对婴儿亲属关系的确信是该类现象的原因。Symons 为首认为一夫一妻制在哺乳动物中相当罕见（意思是父亲对婴儿照顾现象也很少见）。二段指出最近的发现可能颠覆老观点。Hardy 认为：1 灵长类一夫一妻制远比之前认为的更普遍。2 父亲照料远比之前认为的更普遍。之前认为：一夫一妻制，父亲对婴儿亲属关系的确信导致父亲照料婴儿。现在认为存在替代可能性：父亲照顾婴儿现象有助于（pre-adapt）一夫一妻制。作者评论认为：两种情况都可能正确。父亲婴儿照料不是局部特殊现象。父亲在婴儿照料方面发挥比之前认为更大作用。

       该题可以用人名定位到二段二句。二句服务于段首主旨句：Recent findings, however, make it necessary to reverse this picture。可知Hrdy的发现质疑了以前的结论，所以选C。

2. 答案：E

解析：【该题考察作者对 evolutionary relationship betweenmale care and monogamy 的总体评价。定位到二段作者评价：Either scenariocould be true，可确定 E 选项。

3. 答案：C

解析：根据关键词定位到原文：Whereas previously, it was assumed that monogamy and male certainty of paternity facilitated the evolution of male care, it now seems appropriate to consider the alternative possibility，其 that 从句说：that the extraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infants did in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close, long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances, leads tomonogamy. 该证据质疑了老观点，可知 C 选项正确。该新证据并没有说之前的证据有问题，B 不准确。

4. 答案：B

解析：根据关键词定位到上下文可知 the alternative possibility 指的是 theextraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infantsdid in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close,long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances,leads to monogamy。即父亲照顾婴儿现象有助于（pre-adapt）一夫一妻制。B 选项最能支持这一结论：父亲照顾婴儿现象早于一夫一妻制。A 现象早于 B 现象，能够为称为 B 的原因提供支持