---
created: 2023-08-11 23:52:55
updated: 2023-08-13 21:29:11
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading
title: ⛳【阅读】P1-10
---

# passage 1
Although social learning (the acquisition of specific behaviors by observing other individuals exhibiting those behaviors ) is well documented among fish, few studies have investigated social learning within a developmental context in these taxa. Rather than investigating the development of a particular skill, Chapman, Ward, and Krause investigated the role of group density during development in later foraging success in laboratory-housed guppies. When raised with a small number of conspecifics (members of the same species), guppies were quicker to locate food by following a trained adult guppy than were guppies raised in large groups. This counterintuitive finding is explained by the fact that guppies reared in the high- density condition were less likely to shoal (swim in a group ) with others and, therefore, were less likely to learn the benefits of social learning. Instead, fish reared in high-density situations may learn that conspecifics are to be viewed as competitors, rather than as potential sources of adaptive information. This finding suggests that at least for guppies, the early social environment may have an effect on the capacity for social learning, if not on the socially learned behaviors themselves.

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	note a flaw in a scientific finding
B.	describe a particular scientific study
C.	present an interpretation of a finding
D.	note a difference between two scientific findings
E.	contrast two conditions in which a particular phenomenon has been observed

2.	Regarding research on fish, it can be inferred from the passage that
A.	research studies of the acquisition of important skills by fish have only recently begun to document the role of conspecifics in the learning process
B.	research on social learning in guppies suggests that guppies differ in important ways from most other fish in the means by which they learn particular skills
C.	research on social learning in fish has generally focused on the acquisition of skills other than foraging
D.	research has established that social learning occurs in some fish species without investigating the development context in which it occurs.
E.	research to investigate social learning has been done more extensively on fish than on other aquatic animals.

3.	Which of the following can be inferred about the study by Chapman, Ward, and Krause?
A.	It was initially designed to investigate something other than social learning.
B.	It required researchers to observe individual guppies at multiple points in their life spans.
C.	It pointed to the possibility that population density may have little to do with guppies’ social learning.
D.	It required the observation of guppies under conditions that closely mimicked the conditions of guppies in the wild.
E.	It indicated that guppies gain adaptive information from being reared with a relatively large number of conspecifics.

# passage 2
As it was published in 1935, Mules and Men, Zora Neale Hurston's landmark collection of folktales, may not have been the book that its author first had in mind. In this anthropological study, Hurston describes in detail the people who tell the stories, often even inserting herself into the storytelling scene. Evidently, however, Hurston had prepared another version, a manuscript that was recently discovered and published after having been forgotten since 1929. This version differs from Mules and Men in that it simply records stories, with no descriptive or interpretive information.

*While we cannot know for certain why Hurston’s original manuscript went unpublished during her lifetime, it may have been because publishers wanted something more than a transcription of tales.* Contemporary novelist and critic John Edgar Wideman has described Black literature as the history of a writing that sought to escape its frame, in other words, as the effort of Black writers to present the stories of Black people without having to have a mediating voice to explain the stories to a non-Black audience. In this, Hurston may have been ahead of her time.

1.	Select the sentence that suggests a possible reason why Hurston wrote the version of Mules and Men that was published in 1935.

2.	The passage suggests that Hurston may have done which of the following in preparing her original version?
A.	Discussed her mode of presentation with her publisher before writing the first draft, in order to reduce the possibility of misunderstanding.
B.	Shortened her presentation of the stories to the bare minimum in order to be able to present more folklore material.
C.	Put it aside for several decades in order to maximize its potential audience when it was published.
D.	Reluctantly agreed to reshape it in order to take out various elements with which her publisher had been dissatisfied.
E.	Chose not to include editorial commentary, in order to present the stories on their own terms.

# passage 3
A decrease in face-to-face social contact can [[precipitate]] depression. Time spent using the Internet cannot be spent in face-to-face social contact, so psychologists have speculated that sharply increasing Internet use can cause depression. Studies of regular Internet users have found a significantly higher incidence of depression among those who had recently doubled the amount of time they spent using the Internet than among those whose use had not increased. Hence, the psychologists’ speculation is correct.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A.	In general, the reason that the people in the studies had doubled their Internet use was not that they had earlier experienced a significant decrease in opportunities for face-to-face social contact.
B.	A sharp decrease in face-to-face social contact is the only change in daily activity that can lead to an increased incidence of depression.
C.	Using the Internet presents no opportunities for people to increase the amount of face-to- face social contact they experienced in their daily lives.
D.	Regular Internet users who are depressed will experience an immediate improvement in mood if they sharply decrease the amount of time they spend on the Internet.
E.	Before they doubled the time they spent on the Internet, the people who did so were already more prone to depression than are regular Internet users in general.

# passage 4
African American drama has, until recently, been rooted in the mimetic tradition of modern American naturalism. The most distinctive attribute of this tradition is the mechanistic, materialistic conception of humanity. Naturalism sees each individual as inextricably bound to the environment and depicts each person as someone controlled by, instead of controlling, concrete reality. As long as African American drama maintained naturalism as its dominant mode, it could only express the “[[plight]] of African American people”. Its heroes might declare the madness of reality, but reality inevitably triumphed over them. The surrealistic plays of Adrienne Kennedy mark one of the first departures from naturalism by an African American dramatist. The overall goal of her work has been to depict the world of the soul and the spirit, not to mirror concrete reality. Within this framework, Kennedy has been able to portray African American minds and souls liberated from their connections to the external environment.
1.	Which of the following best states the central idea of the passage?

A.	African American drama has been primarily influenced by naturalisms emphasis on the materialistic.
B.	African American drama has traditionally acknowledged the relationship between the individual and the environment.
C.	African American drama, traditionally naturalistic, has been little influenced by dramatist Kennedy’s spiritual and psychological approach to drama.
D.	The work of Kennedy suggests a shift away from a commitment to strict naturalism in African American drama.
E.	The work of Kennedy best exemplifies the current interest of African American artists in the spiritual and psychological worlds.

2.	According to the passage, Kennedy is concerned with depicting the
A.	internal rather than the external life of her characters
B.	madness of reality rather than the effects of reality
C.	effects of materialism on African American minds and souls
D.	relationship between naturalism and the human spirit
E.	effects that her characters have on the environment

3.	Which of the following statements, if true, would most strengthen the authors assertion that Kennedy’s work marks a serious departure from the tradition described in the first paragraph?
A.	Kennedy places the action in a real-life setting that is nevertheless unfamiliar to the average viewer or reader.
B.	Kennedy movingly portrays the lives and struggles of prominent African Americans in the United States.
C.	Kennedy uses characters found only in ancient African legends and mythology.
D.	Kennedy provides insights into American mimetic tradition and dramatic convention.
E.	Kennedy depicts the events in a style reminiscent of a television documentary.

# passage 5
Although many hypotheses have been proposed to explain why some plant communities are more susceptible than others to invasion by nonnative species, results from field studies have been inconsistent and no general theory of invasibility has yet emerged. However, a theory based on fluctuating resource availability could integrate most existing hypotheses and successfully resolve many of the apparently conflicting and ambiguous results of previous studies. The suggested theory is that a plant community becomes more susceptible to invasion whenever there is an increase in the amount of unused resources.
The diversity in the range of resource-release mechanisms could partly explain the absence of consistent ecological correlates of invasibility. In particular, the theory predicts that there will be no necessary relationship between the species diversity of a plant community and its susceptibility to invasion, since near-complete exploitation can each occur in both species-rich and species-poor communities. Though Lonsdale found a positive association between species richness and invasion, this may arise from the tendency of diverse plant communities to be nutrient poor and therefore more responsive to the effects of human-caused influxes of nutrients.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	assessing the empirical success of a theory
B.	explaining why no consistent theoretical account of a phenomenon has been possible
C.	advocating a potential solution to a theoretical impasse
D.	deducing testable predictions from a proposed theory
E.	describing the difficulties involved in explaining certain empirical results

2.	It can be inferred that the author would most likely agree with which of the following assessments of the results from field studies
A.	Many of the results contradicted predictions of susceptibility to invasion that are based on the availability of resources unused by the community.
B.	If fluctuating resource availability were taken into account, many of the apparent inconsistencies among the results could be explained.
C.	The apparent inconsistencies and ambiguities in the results are caused by trying to make them fit an inadequate general theory of invasibility.
D.	No general theory of invasibility has emerged because none of the studies has been able to assess the degree of an invasion accurately.
E.	The results tend to show a degree of susceptibility to invasion that is lower than would be expected given the prevalence in the wild of nonnative species.

3.	According to the author, the theory based on fluctuating resource availability might resolve “apparently conflicting and ambiguous results” because
A.	It explains how a particular circumstance can produce disparate effects.
B.	It does not assume that all of the results are instances of the phenomenon that the theory is intended to explain.
C.	It predicts that seemingly minor variations in research methodology can have a dramatic effect on results.
D.	Its account is based on a statistical tendency rather than on the supposition that the results arise from a causal connection.
E.	It indicates why a similar outcome may be preceded by very different circumstances on different occasions.

# passage 6
Although some skeptics points to Arctic places such as the high latitudes of Greenland, where temperatures seem to have fallen, a recent scientific report concludes that in recent decades average temperatures have increased faster in the Arctic than elsewhere. Scientists have long suspected that several factors lead to greater temperature swings at Earths polar regions than elsewhere. First, most of the Arctic is covered in snow and ice, which are highly reflective; if snow and ice melt, the exposed soil, which absorbs heat, serves to accelerate warming.
Second, the polar atmosphere is thin, so little energy is required to warm it. Third, less solar energy is lost in evaporation at the frigid poles than in the tropics.
1.	Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
The passage mentions which of the following as factors that might lead to large temperature swings in Earths polar regions?

A.	the amount of energy lost due to evaporation at the poles
B.	soil exposure due to melting snow
C.	the relatively thin atmosphere at the poles

2.	In pointing to the apparent temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland, the skeptics mentioned in the passage intend to raise as a question whether
A.	Greenland is less likely to experience extreme temperature changes than are other areas of the Arctic.
B.	Those more localized temperature drops might indicate an important trend not captured by the upward trend of average Arctic temperatures.
C.	There might be a reversal of the temperature trend in the high latitudes of Greenland.
D.	The factors that cause temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland are different from those that affect the rest of the Arctic.
E. Greenland has more ice and snow on the ground than do other areas of the Arctic.

# passage 7
Among many historians a belief persists that Cotton Mather’s biographies of some of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony (published 1702) are exercises in hagiography, endowing their subjects with saintly piety at the expense of historical accuracy. Yet modern studies have profited both from the breadth of information that Mather provides in, for example, his discussions of colonial medicine and from his critical observations of such leading figures as Governor John Winthrop. Mather’s wry humor as demonstrated by his detailed descriptions of events such as Winthrop’s efforts to prevent wood-stealing is overlooked by those charging Mather with presenting his subjects as extremely pious. The charge also obscures Mather’s concern with the settlers material, not just spiritual, prosperity. Further, this pejorative view underrates the biographies value as chronicles: Mather amassed all sorts of published and unpublished documents as sources, and his selection of key events shows a marked sensitivity to the nature of the colony’s development.

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	argue against a theory universally accepted by historical researchers
B.	call attention to an unusual approach to documenting a historical era
C.	summarize research on a specific historical figure
D.	counter a particular view about the work of a biographer
E.	point out subtle differences among controversial historical reports

2.	The author of the passage implies that an argument for the historical accuracy of Mather’s works is most strongly supported by which of the following?
A.	surviving documents that corroborate Mather’s detailed descriptions of his subjects
B.	Mather’s firsthand personal acquaintance with those about whom he wrote
C.	Mather’s frank and straightforward accounts of the lives and times of people about whom he had conducted extensive research
D.	Mather’s ability to detail important historical events in the religious context of which they were a part
E.	the quantity and nature of the sources from which Mather obtained his information.

3.	Information in the passage best supports which of the following statements about Mather’s biographies of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony?
A.	Annals written by Mather and others were censored by later historians, thus detracting from their value as full and accurate accounts of the period.
B.	Mather’s description of Governor Winthrop includes all of Winthrop’s shortcomings, such as a tendency toward levity at inappropriate times.
C.	Mather’s descriptions of the Massachusetts Bay colonists were based primarily on firsthand experiences.
D.	Many historians believe that Mather’s biographies are poor sources of historical information because biography is an inherently unreliable genre of historical writing.
E.	Mather’s writings reflect an interest in the degree of economic success achieved by early Massachusetts Bay colonists.

4.	It can be inferred from the passage that many historians believe that Mather’s biographies primarily
A.	disclose important historical data from the settlers’ private diaries
B.	glorify the early colonists of the Massachusetts Bay Colony
C.	provide a fuller picture of the multifaceted characters of such historical figures as John Winthrop
D.	indicate the salutary effects of the settlers’ religious practices on colonial life
E.	reveal that the settlers considered their lives to be similar to those of the saints

# passage 8
An alarming number of Mediterranean monk seals, an endangered species, have recently died. Postmortem analysis showed the presence of an as yet unidentified virus, as well as evidence of a known bacterial toxin. Seawater samples from the area where the seals died did contain unusually high concentrations of the toxic bacterium. Therefore, although both viruses and bacterial toxins can kill seals, it is more likely that these deaths were the result of the bacterial toxin.

Which of the following, if true, provides additional evidence to support the conclusion?
A.	Viruses are much more difficult to identify in postmortem analysis than bacteria are.
B.	Mediterranean monk seals are the only species of seal in the area where the bacterium was found.
C.	The bacterium is almost always present in the water in at least small concentrations.
D.	Nearly all the recent deaths were among adult seals, but young seals are far more susceptible to viruses than are adult seals.
E.	Several years ago, a large number of monk seals died in the same area as a result of exposure to a different bacterial toxin.

# passage 9
An Irish newspaper editorial encouraging women to participate in the non-importation movement launched in Ireland in 1779 appears consistent with a perception that the political use of the consumer boycott originated in North America and spread eastwards across the Atlantic to Ireland. This is a view that most historians have concurred with. For example, T.H. Breen argued that the consumer boycott was a brilliantly original American invention. <u>Breen did acknowledge that a few isolated boycotts may have taken place in other countries. </u>However, Mary ODowd argues that from the late seventeenth century, Irish political discourse advocated for the nonconsumption of imported goods and support for home manufactures by women in ways that were strikingly similar to those used later in North America.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	resolving a dispute
B.	advocating a course of action
C.	tracing the evolution of a practice
D.	citing competing views of an issue
E.	chronicling a series of events

2.	In the context of the passage, the highlighted sentence serves to
A.	qualify a point made in the preceding sentence
B.	correct an erroneous assumption
C.	provide evidence in support of a perception cited in the opening sentence
D.	provide a rationale for the view expressed in the following sentence
E.	establish the popularity of a point of view

# passage 10
A law has been proposed requiring the cargo boxes of trucks carrying gravel to be covered by a tarpaulin, because vehicles driving close behind open-topped gravel trucks can be damaged by gravel flying off these trucks. The law is unlikely to substantially reduce such damage,
however: flying gravel is much less likely to come from the cargo box itself than from the grooves of the tires, in which gravel can become wedged during loading.

Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the argument given?

A.	The drivers of vehicles behind a gravel truck are more likely to remain close behind the truck if the trucks cargo box is covered than if it is uncovered.
B.	Most trucks that carry gravel already carry tarpaulins that their drivers use to cover the cargo box when they are carrying sand, which can blow out of the cargo box in significant quantities.
C.	Of all the damage that occurs to vehicles on the highway, debris that flies off trucks is the cause of only a very small fraction.
D.	The proposed law allows open-topped trucks on the highway to have uncovered cargo boxes whenever their cargo boxes are empty.
E.	Because of the great weight of a load of gravel, the driver of a gravel truck is often driving much more slowly than most of the other vehicles on the road.

---
# 答案
passage 1
文章大意翻译：

①尽管社会学习 -- 通过观察表现出这些行为的其他个体获得特定的行为 -- 在鱼类中有很好的记录，但是很少有研究在这些分类中以一种发展的背景来调查社会学习。②Chapman, Ward 和 Krause 没有研究特定技能的发展，而是研究了群体密度在实验室饲养的孔雀鱼的日后觅食成功过程中的作用。③当用少量的同种动物 -- 同一物种的成员 -- 饲养时，通过跟踪一只经过训练的成年孔雀鱼，比大群体中饲养的孔雀鱼更快地找到食物。④这一违反直觉的发现是由这样一个事实解释的：在高密度条件下长大的孔雀鱼不太可能和其他人一起成群结队地游泳，因此也不太可能获得到社会学习的好处。⑤相反，在高密度环境中饲养的鱼可能会将同种鱼视为竞争对手，而不是潜在的适应性信息来源。⑥这一发现表明，至少对于孔雀鱼来说，早期的社会环境可能会对社会学习能力产生影响，如果不是对社会学习行为本身产生影响的话。

1. 答案：C

解析：这篇文章明显是在描述一个科学实验和实验结果，C 选项最合适。【争议解释：这个题之前有选过 B 选项，BC 两个选项确实有一定争议，但是后来 ETS 把这个题的 B 选项换成了其他内容后收录到了 PPO 第三套题里面（ETS 后来把 B 选项改成了 "It proposes an alternative to a hypothesis mentioned earlier in the passage." **这个选项肯定是错的，所以就只能选 C 选项。大家以后在考试中碰到这个题也不会再看到老版本的 B 选项了，所以直接选 C 选项即可**）】

2. 答案：D

解析：该题只能选项定位。D 选项可以定位到文章首句，是其同义改写：Although social learning (the acquisition of specific behaviors by observing other individuals exhibiting those behaviors ) is well documented among fish, few studies have investigated social learning within a develop mental context in these taxa.

3. 答案：B

解析：根据人名，回原文定位到第二句，其中 later foraging success 表明，这项研究需要研究这种鱼生命中的多个时间点，对应 B 选项。A 逻辑错误，这个实验就是研究 social learning 的；C 种族密度会影响这种鱼的 social learning，与原文矛盾；D 找不到对应；E 与原文矛盾，大种群中反而会减少 social learning。

passage 2

文章大意翻译：

第 1 段

①Zora Neale Hurston 里程碑式的民间故事集《Mules and Men》于 1935 年出版，可能不是作者最初预想的那本书。②在这项人类学研究中，Hurston 详细描述了讲故事的人，甚至经常把自己放入讲故事的场景之中。③然而，很明显，Hurston 已经准备了另一个版本：这是一份自 1929 年被遗忘后，最近才被发现并被出版的手稿。这个版本不同于《Mules and Men》，因为它只是记录故事，没有描述性或解释性的信息。

第 2 段

①虽然我们无法确定 Hurston 生前原稿为何未出版，但可能是因为出版商想要的不仅仅是故事的转述。②当代小说家和评论家 John Edgar Wideman 将非裔美国文学描述为一种试图摆脱其框架的写作史，换句话说，就是非裔美国作家在向其他种族的读者解释非裔美国人的故事时，不是必须有一个中间人的声音。③在这一点上，Hurston 可能领先于她的时代。

1. 解析：文章首段主要介绍一个矛盾现象：H 写了两个版本，1935 年版本和 1929 年版本。矛盾的是：35 年发表的版本不同于最初的 29 年版本。二段给出原因解释，进而作出评论。

由对矛盾现象的解释可以定位到第二段的第一句“While we cannot know for certain why Hurston’s original manuscript went unpublished during her lifetime, it may have been because publishers wanted something more than a transcription of tales. ”

2. 答案：E

解析：original version 指的是 1929 年未发表的版本。A 选项中与编辑交流在文中早不到依据。而且作者推测 1935 年版本才是与编辑交流的结果；B 选项中最小化 Hurston 自己的陈述以最大化材料，在文中找不到对应的依据；选项 C 说将手稿放置一边以期在将来出版时赢得最多潜在的读者，在文中也无依据。而且 1929 年版本在当时没有被出版的，因此 Hurston 自己也不可能预计以后的出版情况；选项 D 说 Hurston 不情愿的删除了一些编辑不满意的因素，文中也没有提到。只是作者推测 1935 年版本的某些内容是应编辑的要求添加的；选项 E 说 Hurston 决定不添加评论内容，还原故事本来面貌，对应文中“This version differs from Mules and Men in that it simply records stories, with nondescriptive or interpretive information.”其中 this version 指的是 1929 年版，即 original version。

passage 3

文章大意翻译：

①面对面社交接触的减少可能会导致抑郁。②花在上网的时间不能同时花费在面对面社交接触上，所以心理学家推测急剧增加的互联网使用会导致抑郁。③针对一般互联网用户的研究发现，那些最近将互联网使用时间增加一倍的人比那些没有增加使用时间的人的发生抑郁的概率要高得多。④因此，心理学家的推测是正确的。

答案：C

解析：问题：哪个选项是这个推论的假设？文章中心结论是中间这句：sopsychologists have speculated that sharply increasing Internet use can cause depression 增加上网时间会引起抑郁。文章理由以该句结论为界，分为前后两个部分：前半部分理由看起来是一个链状推理：减少面对面社交会引起抑郁。用来上网的时间不能用于面对面社交。后半部分理由是一个对比研究：最近增加两倍上网时间的常规网络用户比没有增加的常规网络用户有更高的抑郁发生率。前后两半部分理由哪一部分有漏洞呢？问题出在前半部分！它貌似一个链状推理，但它与严密支持结论的链状推理之间是有出入的。

这样一个链状推理才是严密的，无懈可击的：

理由 1：减少面对面社交会引起抑郁

理由 2：增加上网的时间会减少面对面社交时间

结论：增加上网时间会引起抑郁

问题是：即使用来上网的时间不能用于面对面社交（原文表达），但是否能增加每天其他时间的面对面社交机会呢？比如，上网用来 dating，上网之后意犹未尽，相约面对面热聊啦！如果出现这种情况，原文推理就不是我们需要的严密推理啦！所以，文章推理依据的假设就是要排除这种情况。所以答案就是 C 选项，即 C 选项取否后就是原文推论的削弱。

passage 4

文章大意翻译：

第 1 段

①直到最近，非裔的美国戏剧还植根于现代美国自然主义的模仿传统中。②这一传统最显著的特征是机械式且唯物主义的人性观点。③自然主义认为每个人都与环境有着千丝万缕的联系，所以它把每个人描绘成被具体现实所控制的，而不是去控制具体现实的。④只要非裔美国人的戏剧保持自然主义的主导模式，就只能表达出“非裔美国人的困境”。⑤它的主人公们可能宣称现实是疯狂的，但现实不可避免地战胜了他们。

第二段

第 1 句话：Adrienne Kennedy 的超现实主义戏剧是美国非裔剧作家最早背离自然主义的作品之一。

第 2 句话：她的作品的总体目标是描绘灵魂和精神的世界而不是反映具体的现实。

第 3 句话：在这个框架之内，Kennedy 能够描绘从与外部环境的联系中解放出来的非裔美国人的思想和灵魂。

1. 答案：D

解析：文章两段是典型的对比结构。一段是美国黑人戏剧最近之前的主导流派：自然主义。自然主义的典型特征是反映现实生活，人物命运决定于现实环境。二段是以 AK 为代表的最近变化：超现实主义，远离自然主义。塑造人物不依赖于与外部环境的联系。

该题问文章主旨，D 最准确。【】

A 选项只概括了首段内容。B 选项概括主题偏离，没有体现对比变化。C 选项无视二段内容。E 选项 best 概念原文无，且没有体现一段。

2. 答案：A

解析：该题问 K 的艺术主张。A 选项定位到 2 段该句：The overall goal of her work has been to depict the world of the soul and thespirit, not to mirror concrete reality。由此可知选 A。

3. 答案：C

解析：【】该题问最能加强作者论断（K 的作品远离首段提及的自然主义传统）的选项。C 最合适。K 只使用古代神话传说中人物形象。意思是 K 的人物角色不依赖于周围环境。这与首段自然主义风格最相反：Naturalism sees each individual as inextricably bound to the environment and depicts each person as someone controlled by, instead of controlling, concrete reality.

passage 5

文章大意翻译：

①尽管人们已经提出很多假设来说明为什么有些植物群落相比其他群落更容易受到外来物种的入侵，但实地研究的结果并不一致，至今也没有形成入侵性的概括性理论。②然而，一项基于浮动可用资源的理论能结合大多现有假设并成功解释之前很多显然相悖且模棱两可的研究结果。③该提出的理论是，未利用的资源越多，植物群落就越易于受到外来物种的侵入。④资源释放机制所涵盖的多元性可以部分说明入侵性与生态的不一致相关关系。⑤特别是该理论预测植物群落的物种多样性与其易于入侵性不一定有关，因为物种丰富和稀缺的群落都会出现资源几乎完全被利用的情况。⑥Lonsdale 发现了物种丰富度与入侵性的正相关关系，但这可能是由于各种植物群落营养不良的趋势，因而对人类带来的营养注入作用反应更为迅速。

1. 答案：C

解析：文章首段首先介绍一个理论难题：关于 invasibility 原因没有统一意见。However 后，作者指出，一种基于资源波动的理论能解决该理论难题。二段详细介绍该理论。该理论主要用 resource-release mechanisms 来解释 invasibility，否定物种丰富性的解释。

这道题是典型的主旨题。选项 A 说是评价一个理论的实验观察上的成功。但原文中并没有讲到实验观察的地方，而是理论上的推测；选项 B 说解释了为什么某一现象没有一致的理论原因，但文章主要讲了新理论如何解决旧理论的不一致性，而不是“为什么”的问题；选项 C 说支持了一种有潜力可以解决原有理论僵局的新理论，符合题意；选项 D 说由一个理论推测出了可以被检测的推论，但文中并没有提到推论，也没有提到检测问题；选项 E 说描述了解释某些特定实验结果的困难。原文中只由第一段说某些原有假说与实验结果不一致，并非全文都在描述困难。

2. 答案：B

解析：根据 fieldstudies 定位到文章首段，however 转折后，previous studies 仍指 field studies。选项 B 是对转折后的概括。

3. 答案：E

解析：根据高亮关键词定位首段。尽管关键词出现在首段，因二段是对首段理论的详细展开，答案很可能出现在二段。E 选项定位该句 Since 原因从句：Inparticular, the theory predicts that there will be no necessary relationship between the species diversity of a plant community and its susceptibility to invasion, since near-complete exploitation can each occur in both species-rich and species-poor communities。该句用来否定物种多样性的解释，因为不同的（物种丰富）情况会有一样的结果：（外来物种）的几乎彻底开发利用。

passage 6

文章大意翻译：

①尽管一些怀疑论者指出，北极地区例如格陵兰岛的高纬度地区的温度似乎已经下降，但是最近的一份科学报告得出结论，近几十年来，北极地区的平均温度增长速度比其他地方都快。②长期以来，科学家们一直怀疑，有几个因素导致地球极地地区的温度波动比其他地区更大。③首先，北极大部分地区被冰雪覆盖，冰雪具有很强的反射性; 如果冰雪融化，裸露的土壤吸收热量，有助于加速变暖。④二，极地的大气很薄，所以加热它所需的能量很小。⑤三，与热带地区相比，寒冷的极地因为蒸发而损失的太阳能更少。

1. 答案：ABC

解析：文章首句指出最近研究与之前怀疑者观点的矛盾：怀疑者认为北极地区降温，最近研究发现升温。后文依次列举方式解释了几个原因：1 雪和冰的反射，2 空气稀薄，3 少蒸发损耗。

该题问可能导致地球极地温度大幅变化（swing）因素，定位到文章中 2 句：several factors lead to greater temperature swings at Earths polar regions。可知 ABC 都正确。

2. 答案：B

解析：本题实质是问为什么要引入 skeptics 的观点，由定位句可知，skeptics 提出格陵兰岛温度下降是为了与下文的 report 形成冲突。B 选项 those more localized temperature drops 对应 skeptics 观点中的温度下降，upward trend 对应 report 中的温度上升。

C 选项中 skeptics 和 report 的内容的确冲突，但是并不能表明格陵兰岛的温度趋势是否逆转。

A、D、E 三个选项原文找不到对应。【此题已经收录到官方模考题 ppo 中，网上还有答案为 C 的版本应该是以前校订答案的错误】

passage 7

文章大意翻译：

①在许多历史学家的观点中，有一种观点坚持认为，Cotton Mather 关于马萨诸塞湾殖民地（1702 年出版）的一些定居者的传记是一种圣训，它以牺牲历史准确性为代价，赋予他们的臣民以圣洁的虔诚。②然而，现代研究既得益于 Mather 提供的范围广大的信息。例如，他对殖民医学的讨论，也得益于他对州长 John Winthrop 等领导人物的批判性观察。③Mather 的讽刺幽默表现在他对事件的详细描述上，比如温思罗普防止偷木头的努力，但这被那些指控 Mather 表现出极其虔诚的主题的人忽略了。④这项指控也掩盖了 Mather 对定居者物质上的繁荣关注，他不仅仅关注精神上的繁荣。⑤此外，这种贬义的观点低估了传记作为编年史的价值：Mather 收集了各种已发表和未发表的文献作为资料来源，他对关键事件的选择显示出对殖民地发展性质的明显的敏感。

1. 答案：D

解析：全文首句介绍很多历史学家对 CM 的传记的观点：关注虔诚性，牺牲历史准确性。Yet 转折后，是作者对 CM 传记的正面评价，反驳了对 CM 的指责。

该题 A 选项说反驳了一个历史界通行的理论，但文中并没有提到任何理论；B 说是一个不同寻常的记录历史时代的方法，但文中显然也没有提到任何方法；C 说总结了关于一个历史人物的研究，但显然文章并没有全部在说某一个历史人物的研究工作。文中提到了 GovernorJohn Winthrop，目的是为了说明 Mather 的 critical observations；D 说反驳了关于某个传记作家某部作品的一些看法，纵观全文，作者的确是一直反驳一些历史学家对于 Mather 的传记的看法，正确；E 说指出了矛盾的历史报告的微妙不同，显然与主题已无关。

2. 答案：E

解析：问题问的是支持 Mather 传记的准确性的最有力证据，Yet 转折后作者评价说，modern studies have profited both from the breadth of information that Mather provides …… and from his critical observations of …..后文是对该评价的展开。可知选 E 最有力，quantitty=breadth, nature=critical observation.

3. 答案：E

解析：选项 A 中的 annals 在原文中找不到对应，排除；B 中说对 Governor Winthrop 的描述暴露了其所有缺点，这个在文中没有提到；C 说 Mather 写传记主要基于自己的亲身经历，原文中找不到对应，且与 Mather amassed all sorts of publishedand unpublished documents as sources 相违背；D 说 biography is an inherently unreliable genre of historical writing 在原文中找不到对应。而且历史学家只是批评 Mather，并未涉及历史写作类型；E 选项可定位至“The charge also obscures Mather’s concern with the settlers material,not just spiritual, prosperity. ”正确。

4. 【新增题目】答案：B

解析：根据题干定位到文章第一句，根据 endowing their subjects with saintly piety 可以选出 B 选项。

passage 8

文章大意翻译：

①最近有大量的地中海 monk 海豹已经死亡，它是一种濒危物种。②死后分析显示除了发现一种已知的细菌毒素的证据，还存在一种不明病毒。③来自海豹死亡区域的海水样本确实含有异常高浓度的有毒细菌。④因此，虽然病毒和细菌毒素都可以杀死海豹，但这些死亡更可能是细菌毒素导致的。

答案：D

解析：题目要求加强文章结论。文章针对 Mediterraneanmonk seals 的大量死亡。文章提出两个可能原因：1 是不明病毒，2 是有毒细菌。然后根据海水样本发现的有毒细菌，认为死亡是由有毒细菌引起的。加强结论的选项就要支持有毒细菌论，削弱乃至否定病毒论。

D 选项支持力度最大，用的是逆否命题的思路：如果是病毒引起的，应该有大量小海豹死亡。现在只有成年海豹死亡，没有小海豹死亡，所以不是病毒原因。从而大大支持了有毒细菌论。

passage 9

文章大意翻译：

①1779 年爱尔兰一家报纸发表社论鼓励妇女参加在爱尔兰掀起的不进口运动，这似乎佐证了消费者抵制的政治性运用起源于北美然后向东跨过大西洋传播到爱尔兰这一观点。②大多数历史学家都同意这种观点。③例如，T.H. Breen 认为消费者抵制是源自美国的一项杰出发明。④Breen 的确承认其他国家也可能发起了一些孤立的抵制活动。⑤但是，MaryODowd 认为从 17 世纪后期开始，爱尔兰的政治言论就呼吁女性不要消费进口商品并且应该支持国产，这种呼吁所采用的方式与后来北美所用的方式极为相似。

1. 答案：D

解析：【】这是一道文章主旨题。文章开始讲主流观点：抵制消费的政治上的利用起源于美国。However 之后, 介绍 MaryODowd 的相反观点：爱尔兰的妇女抵制进口品的历史可以追溯到 17 世纪，它是有自己的历史的。因此答案选 D。A 选项不准确，作者的立场并不明确。

2. 答案：A

解析：高亮的句子为“Breendid acknowledge that a few isolated boycotts may have taken place in other countries.”这一句的上一句是说 Breen 认为抵制消费活动起源于美国，显然高亮句是 B 做的让步。A 选项最准确（qualify 翻译成限制，限定）。下一句是 Mary 的完全相反的观点：抵制行为起源于爱尔兰，D 选项不正确，高亮句不是为后句的观点提供合理性。

passage 10

文章大意翻译：

①有人建议新增一条法规，要求必须用篷布遮盖装有沙砾的卡车货箱，因为在不封顶的沙砾卡车后面近距离行驶的车辆可能会因沙砾飞出而受损。②然而，法律不太可能显著减少这种危害: 沙砾从货箱飞出的可能性远低于从轮胎凹槽中飞出，沙砾可能在装载过程中卡入轮胎凹槽中。

1. 答案：A

解析：该题要求加强论证。文章结论是：最近的要求运输小石子的卡车加盖帆布的法律不能减少飞溅石子对后续车辆造成的伤害，理由是，石子从车厢飞溅出来的可能性远远小于从轮胎缝隙飞溅出来的可能性。

A 选项加强作用最强。加盖帆布，后续车辆更可能靠近运输石子的卡车，从而提高受伤害的概率（虽然盖帆布降低了从车厢飞溅石子的机率，但没有降低从轮胎缝隙飞溅的机率）。

B 选项说很多司机已经携带帆布，但携带不等于加盖。

C 选项考虑的是所有伤害的问题，过于宽泛。

D 选项讨论的是空车状态，完全无关。

E 选项开得慢不能支持碎石头是来自轮胎缝。
