---
created: 2023-08-26 21:58:48
updated: 2023-08-26 23:09:34
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas91-100
---

# Passage 91

A mouse’s immune system generally rejects proteins different from those produced by that mouse. The immune system of a pregnant mouse does not, however, reject the mouse’s fetuses, although the fetal tissue a fetus produces as it develops typically contains many such proteins. Some scientists hypothesize that the placenta surrounding the fetus physically blocks the mother’s immune system. But others, noting that the placenta produces IDO, an enzyme that suppresses the immune system, hypothesize that IDO plays a crucial role in protecting the fetus.

time: 0'47''

In order to choose between the two hypotheses, it would be most useful to determine which of the following?
A.	Whether mice sometimes produce IDO when they are not pregnant
B.	Whether the immune systems of fetal mice are capable of attacking the tissue of the mother
C.	Whether there are cases in which the immune system of a pregnant mouse rejects some fetuses but not others
D.	Whether IDO is the only substance capable of suppressing the immune system produced by mice
E.	Whether the immune systems of pregnant mice that are given a drug that inhibits IDO production subsequently reject the fetus.

time: 1'26''

# Passage 92
Most popularizations of science actually do more harm than good. Why? The single most important feature of scientific work is not this or that specific result. Instead, what science accomplishes--and what physics in particular accomplishes so beautifully--is the linking of diverse phenomena, the binding together of a myriad of predictions and explanations. What nearly all popularizations do is systematically undermine the progressive reasoning that links principles, conventions, experiments, and laws. Bad science writing splinters the most interesting feature of science, its long run of connected argumentation, into isolated metaphors that last just long enough to evoke a particular result: black holes are said to be huge funnels and quantum electron orbits are characterized as diffuse clouds.

reading:1'25''

The author of the passage mentions black holes in order to provide

A.	an instance of a factual error to which popularizations of science are prone
B.	a metaphor for the emptiness typical of most popular science writing
C.	a case in which a metaphor for a scientific process leads to a misunderstanding of that process
D.	an example of the metaphorical explanations the author believes are typical of bad science writing
E.	an illustration of a complex phenomenon for which most readers require simplified explanations

time: 2'08''

# Passage 93
The use of nets at beach resorts to protect swimming areas from sharks has been criticized by environmentalists because the nets needlessly kill thousands of marine animals annually.
However, environmentalists have recently discovered that an electrified cable buried beneath the periphery of swimming areas causes sharks to swim away while harming neither humans nor marine life. Hence, by installing such cables, resort communities will be able to maintain tourism while satisfying environmentalists' concerns.

reading: 0'34''

Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?
A.	Many seaside resort communities where sharks have never been sighted nonetheless paid to install buried electrified cables.
B.	Tourism at resorts where sharks have been sighted has suffered only slightly despite the fact that many people claim to fear sharks.
C.	Because they have a strong fear of sharks, many tourists prefer to swim at beaches that are known to be well protected from sharks.
D.	The buried electrified cable is not the only innovation approved by environmentalists that is known to be successful in repelling sharks without harming them
E.	The marine mammals that are a major tourist attraction at many resorts do not enter areas around which there are buried electrified cables.

time: 1'51''

# Passage 94
In general, naive individuals appear more likely to learn from interaction with familiar rather than unfamiliar members of their species. Kaveliers and colleagues (2005) reported that naive laboratory-bred deer mice showed greater social learning of defensive responses to biting flies after observing responses of familiar members than after observing responses of unfamiliar members.<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;"> Earlier, Valsecchi and colleagues (1996) reported striking differences in social learning of food preferences among Mongolian gerbils, depending on whether they were exposed to familiar or unfamiliar demonstrators. At the time, this was unexpected because Gaief and colleagues (1984)</mark> had previously reported no familiarity effect in Norway rats on social learning of food preferences. However, Gaief et al (1998) subsequently uncovered a significant familiarity effect that was evident when demonstrators are some hours before interacting with observers but absent when demonstrators are immediately before interacting.

Which of the following can be inferred about the report by Gaief and colleagues (1984) as it is described in the passage?
A.	It introduced a concept that the report by Kaveliers and colleagues was intended to clarify.
B.	It highlighted an inaccuracy in the report by Valsecchi and colleagues
C.	It led to an incorrect supposition on the part of some scientists
D.	It played an important role in developing an understanding of social learning between members of different species.
E.	It suggested that the familiarity effect is stronger in some species than in others.

time: 2'31''

# Passage 95
While historian **Linda Nicholson** sees women's participation in voluntary associations as activities consistent with the increasing relegation of women’s lives to a separate, “private” sphere in nineteenth-century Europe, historian **Katherine Lynch** argues that these kinds of activities enabled women to join with one another and to develop a kind of shadow citizenship within civil society, if not the formal state. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">These kinds of experiences</mark> were no substitute for actual political entitlements, Lynch suggests, but they deserve more attention for their importance in helping individuals forge enduring bonds of community and identity beyond domestic life. Only by limiting one’s notion of public life to formal political participation, she says, can one conclude that most women in Western society have ever been literally consigned to a separate or “private” sphere.

time: 2'10''

1.	The phrase “These kinds of experiences” in the passage refers to experiences in Lynch’s view are
A.	an early stage in women’s political participation
B.	insufficiently appreciated for their role in women’s public life
C.	properly assigned to the “private” sphere
D.	a means of altering the political structure
E.	historically atypical for women in Western society

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The passage implies that Lynch would agree that formal political participation
A.	was increasingly important as the nineteenth century progressed
B.	was an underreported phenomenon among women in nineteenth century Europe within civil society
C.	is crucial to helping individuals form community ties
D.	is a significant component of public life
E.	is indicative of a kind of shadow citizenship

time: 4'17''

# Passage 96
In the 1600s there was intense competition in Europe to discover how to make porcelain. The two groups of Europeans working in China—Dutch merchants and French missionaries—each tried to discover the Chinese manufacturers’ secrets. The first French missionary journal, was not published until 1717, several years after European porcelain manufacture began.
Therefore, rather than copying the Chinese techniques, the European manufacturers must have learned by experiment.

time: 0'50''

Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the argument?
A.	The techniques used by the first European makers of porcelain were essentially identical to techniques that Chinese porcelain maker used.
B.	The first European-manufactured porcelain items were comparable in quality to some of the lower-quality porcelain that was then being imported into Europe from China.
C.	The manuscript from which the 1717 journal article was published had been written down by French missionaries in China and sent to France some years before 1717.
D.	The particular raw materials that are needed to make porcelain were not used in European ceramic making until the manufacture of porcelain began.
E.	The first porcelain factory in Europe was founded in Germany by a manufacturer who had no channels of communication with China or Europeans working in China.

time: 1'41''

# Passage 97
Editors of major United States newsmagazines have been criticized for reducing the amount of space these magazines devote to international news. According to these editors, however, readers are wholly to blame for the reductions. After all, the editors point out, <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">sales of magazine issues that prominently feature international news stories have declined significantly</mark>, and declining sales reflect declining reader interest. Yet even if true, this evidence does not refute the contention that editors are merely passive instruments responding to reader interest. And that is clearly an untenable view, since <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">editors can often intensify reader interest in a news topic by giving it frequent coverage.</mark>
In the argument as a whole, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?

A.	The first is evidence that has been used to support a position that the argument opposes; the second is a point that the argument raises to cast doubt on the reasoning used to support that position.
B.	The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument; the second is information introduced to cast doubt on that claim.
C.	The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument; the second provides evidence in support of that claim.
D.	The first cites evidence in support of the main conclusion of the argument; the second states that conclusion.
E.	The first states an assumption that is explicitly made to support the main conclusion of the argument; the second is a position that the argument as a whole opposes.

time: 1'41''

# Passage 98
The crustaceans known as harpacticoids are very widespread in marine sediments, where they feed on microorganisms by ingesting the sediment particles to which the microorganisms adhere. Heavy metals, such as those found in industrial pollution, readily adhere to sediment particles. Harpacticoids are poisoned by heavy metals but are unaffected by most other pollutants. Therefore the concentration of harpacticoids in an area is a good indication of whether that marine environment contains heavy metals.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A.	Industrial pollution is the principal source of heavy metals in marine sediments.
B.	Harpacticoids are the only crustaceans that feed on microorganisms by ingesting sediment particles.
C.	Harpacticoids are more susceptible to poisoning by heavy metals than are other marine organisms.
D.	The microorganisms that harpacticoids feed on are not killed by pollutants that are harmless to harpacticoids.
E.	The microorganisms that harpacticoids feed on absorb heavy metals.

time: 1'54''

# Passage 99
Orcas are small whales that generally travel in groups called pods. Orcas that feed on marine mammals travel in very small pods, while those that feed on fish travel in relatively large pods. Since a larger pod has an increased collective ability to locate prey, it is likely that orcas that feed on mammals travel in small pods only because the mammals that they hunt can more easily detect a large pod and escape it.

Which of the following, if true, most strongly indicates that the conclusion is too sweeping?
A.	Orcas that feed on fish almost always remain in the pod into which they were born, while orcas that feed on mammals will form new pods if the one they are in becomes too big.
B.	No orcas have been observed to switch back and forth between feeding on fish and feeding on mammals.
C.	Pods of orcas generally include at least on mother and one or two of her offspring.
D.	Unlike marine mammals, fish generally travel in large schools, which can provide food for large pods of orcas.
E.	Individuals from different pods interact frequently, and pods are small, such interaction predominantly foraging activities.

time: 3'07''

# Passage 100
The male lion’s mane consists of hair of varying length and color, covering, to varying degrees, the head, neck, shoulders, and chest. **Schaller** suggested that the mane protects the area of the body “towards which most social contact is directed” by absorbing blows and bites. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Darker mane hairs are thicker than lighter hairs</mark>, so darker manes may provide better protection.
These ideas suggest that males with longer and darker manes will be wounded less frequently and/or with less severity on the area covered by the mane, but direct tests of this prediction are difficult. Individual males are seldom seen daily, and the mane itself obscures many wounds beneath it from view. Furthermore, even in the best studied population, serious fights between lions are rarely observed.

time: 1'49''

1.	Which of the following best describe the function of the highlighted portion of the passage？
A.	to summarize the results of an experiment
B.	to provide evidence on which a particular prediction is offered
C.	to offer a counterexample that undermines a propelled explanation
D.	to identify a phenomenon that Schaller found difficult to explain
E.	to explain the variation among individual lo manes

2.	The passage mentions which of the following as an obstacle to verify the “prediction” mentioned in the passage?
A.	Wounds to the mane area are often difficult to observe.
B.	Only a few lion populations have been well studied.
C.	The severity of fights between lions is difficult to determine.
D.	Individual males seldom have strong distinguishing characteristics.
E.	Researchers have relatively few opportunities to observe lion populations directly.

time: 2'47''