---
created: 2023-08-25 16:12:22
updated: 2023-08-26 00:01:16
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【阅读】Pas71-80
---

# Passage 71
The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1868, prohibits state governments from denying citizens the “equal protection of the laws.” Although precisely what the framers of the amendment meant by this equal protection clause remains unclear, all interpreters agree that the framers’ immediate objective was to provide a constitutional warrant for the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which guaranteed the citizenship of all persons born in the United States and subject to United States jurisdiction. This declaration, which was echoed in the text of the **Fourteenth Amendment**, was designed primarily to counter the Supreme Court’s ruling in **Dred Scott v. Sandford** that Black people in the United States could be denied citizenship. The act was vetoed by President **Andrew Johnson**, who argued that the **Thirteenth Amendment**, which abolished slavery, did not provide Congress with the authority to extend citizenship and equal protection to the freed slaves. Although Congress promptly overrode Johnson’s veto, supporters of the act sought to ensure its constitutional foundations with the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment.

The broad language of the amendment strongly suggests that its framers were proposing to write into the Constitution not a laundry list of specific civil rights but a principle of equal citizenship that forbids organized society from treating any individual as a member of an inferior class. Yet for the first eight decades of the amendment’s existence, the Supreme Court’s interpretation of the amendment betrayed this ideal of equality. In the Civil Rights Cases of 1883, for example, the Court invented the **“state action” limitation**, which asserts that “private” decisions by owners of public accommodations and other commercial business to segregate their facilities are insulated from the reach of the Fourteenth Amendment’s guarantee of equal protection under the law.

After the Second World War, a judicial climate more hospitable to equal protection claims culminated in the Supreme Court’s ruling in **Brown v. Board** of Education that racially segregated schools violated the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Two doctrines embraced by the Supreme Court during this period extended the amendment’s reach. First, the Court required especially strict scrutiny of legislation that employed a “suspect classification,” meaning discrimination against a group on grounds that could be construed as racial. This doctrine has broadened the application of the Fourteenth Amendment to other, nonracial forms of discrimination, for while some justices have refused to find any legislative classification other than race to be constitutionally disfavored, most have been receptive to arguments that at least some nonracial discriminations, sexual discrimination in particular, are “suspect” and deserve this heightened scrutiny by the courts. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Second, the Court relaxed the state action limitation on the Fourteenth Amendment, bringing new forms of private conduct within the amendment’ s reach.</mark>

reading time: 4'04''

1.	Which of the following best describes the main idea of the passage?
A.	By presenting a list of specific rights, framers of the Fourteenth Amendment were attempting to provide a constitutional basis for broad judicial protection of the principle of equal citizenship
B.	Only after the Supreme Court adopted the suspect classification approach to reviewing potentially discrimination legislation was the applicability of the Fourteenth Amendment extended to include sexual discrimination
C.	Not until after the Second World War did the Supreme Court begin to interpret the Fourteenth Amendment in a manner consistent with the principle of equal citizenship that it express.
D.	Interpreters of the Fourteenth Amendment have yet to reach consensus with regard to what its framers meant by the equal protection clause
E.	Although the reluctance of judges to extend the reach of the Fourteenth Amendment to nonracial discrimination has betrayed the principle of equal citizenship, the Supreme Court’s use of the state action limitation to insulate private activity from the amendment’s reach has been more harmful.

2.	The passage suggests that the principle effect of the state action limitation was to
A.	allow some discriminatory practices to continue unimpeded by the Fourteenth Amendment
B.	influence the Supreme Court’s ruling in Brown v. Board of Education
C.	provide expanded guidelines describing prohibited actions
D.	prohibit states from enacting laws that violated the intent of the Civil Rights Act of 1866
E.	shift to state government the responsibility for enforcement of laws prohibiting discriminatory practices

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	The author’s position regarding the intent of the framers of the Fourteenth Amendment would be most seriously undermined if which of the following were true?
A.	The framers had anticipated state action limitations as they are described in the passage.
B.	The framers had merely sought to prevent discriminatory acts by federal officials.
C.	The framers were concerned that the civil rights act of 1866 would be overturned by the Supreme Court.
D.	The framers were aware that the phrase “equal protection of the laws”had broad implications.
E.	The framers believed that racial as well as non-racial forms of discrimination were unacceptable.

4.	According to the passage, the original proponents of the Fourteenth Amendment were primarily concerned with
A.	detailing the rights afforded by the principle of equal citizenship
B.	providing support in the Constitution for equal protection for all citizens of the United States
C.	closing a loophole that could be used to deny individuals the right to sue for enforcement of their civil rights
D.	asserting that the civil rights protect by the Constitution included nonracial discrimination as well as racial discrimination
E.	granting state government broader discretion in interpreting the Civil Rights Act in 1866

5.	The author implies that the Fourteenth Amendment might not have been enacted if
A.	congress’ authority with regard to legislating civil rights had not been challenged
B.	the framers has anticipated the Supreme Courts ruling in Brown v. Board of Education
C.	the framers had believed that it would be used in deciding cases of discrimination involving non-racial groups
D.	most state governments had been willing to protect citizens’ civil rights
E.	its essential elements had not been implicit in the Thirteenth Amendment
 
6.	According to the passage, which of the following most accurately indicates the sequence of the events listed below?
I.	civil rights act of 1866
II.	Dred Scott v. Sandford
III.	Fourteenth Amendment
IV.	Veto by President Johnson
A. Ⅰ Ⅱ Ⅲ Ⅳ
B. Ⅰ Ⅳ Ⅱ Ⅲ
C. Ⅰ Ⅳ Ⅲ Ⅱ
D. Ⅱ Ⅰ Ⅳ Ⅲ
E. Ⅲ Ⅱ Ⅰ Ⅳ

7.	Which of the following can be inferred about the second of the two doctrines (highlighted sentence) of the passage?
A.	It caused some justice to rule that all types of discrimination are prohibited by the Constitution.
B.	It shifted the focus of the Supreme Court from racial to nonracial discrimination.
C.	It narrowed the concern of the Supreme Court to legislation that employed a suspect classification.
D.	It caused legislators who were writing new legislation to reject language that could be construed as permitting racial discrimination.
E.	It made it more difficult for commercial business to practice racial discrimination.

time: 16'58''

# Passage 72
 
Roughly 250 million years ago, in the worst series of mass extinction in Earth’s history, almost all species of life simply vanished. The traditionally held view has been that these extinctions occurred gradually, as changing environmental conditions—global cooling, global warming, dropping sea levels, or some combination of such factors—made life increasingly difficult during the last stages of the Permian period (284-245 million years ago). As Permian life-forms declined, they reached a fatal threshold and species succumbed to mass extinction. Supporters of the traditionalist view note that species begin disappearing from the fossil record well before the end of the Permian period. Yet, while such a pattern could have resulted from a slowly rising extinction rate, some <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">scientists</mark> argue that just because a species disappears from the fossil record doesn’t necessarily mean it became extinct at that point. Moreover, **Paul Wignall** and others have found sites where marine fossil deposits reached a peak of diversity at the very end of the Permian period. Thus, Wignall believes late-Permian marine life was thriving until it was decimated suddenly by some catastrophe.

Some geoscientists think that this catastrophe involved a meteor striking the earth. **Michael Rampino**, for instance, claims that a giant meteor crashed into Gondwanaland (the southern portion of the supercontinent Pangea, which covered about 30 percent of the globe in Permian times), setting off intense volcanism. Airborne soot and dirt from the impact blanketed Earth, inhibiting photosynthesis and triggering mass extinction of species. This view is widely disputed by traditionalists, however, **Grant Young**, for example, holds that the gradual breakup of the Pangean supercontinent triggered widespread climatic change and glaciation,causing the Permian mass extinctions to occur over million of years. Glaciation, Young claims, has occurred throughout Earth’s history, and there is evidence that it occurred toward the end off the Permian period. Yet **Rampino** and others question one of the traditionalists’ basic assumption: the periodic occurrence of glaciation throughout Earth’s history. Crucial evidence includes the rock deposits know as tillites, because they resemble the unstratified drift produced by modern glaciers, geologists have long considered tillites to be signposts of glaciation. When trying to determine whether particular sedimentary layers represent tillite deposits, geologists look for stones with faceted shapes, scratched surfaces, and other features that presumably resulted from glacial action. **The problem with ascribing all tillites to glaciation, however, is that tillite deposits are widespread in Precambrian sediments.** Yet temperatures during the Precambrian (3.8 billion to 540 million years ago)are thought to have been warmer than those in today’s nonglacial world. Thus, **Rampino** thinks that certain tillites were produced by meteor impacts, not glaciers. The first compelling evidence that meteor impacts might have produced tillites came from Moon rocks that showed the same features as earthly tillites. Since no one believes the Moon ever had glaciers, that leaves but one possible cause: impacts.

time: 5'17''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	consider new applications for a traditional methodology
B.	present a challenge to an established idea
C.	question the purported severity of a particular phenomenon
D.	discuss the implications of a controversial position
E.	identify similarities underlying two contrasting arguments

2.	According to the passage, the claim that all terrestrial tillites resulted from glacial action is undermined by the
A.	surface features of most terrestrial tillites
B.	resemblance that exists between terrestrial tillites and unstratified drift
C.	number of terrestrial tillites that date from the Precambrian period
D.	facts that most terrestrial tillites are found in sedimentary deposits
E.	evidence that they resemble the drift produced by modern glaciers

3.	It can be inferred from the passage that author would agree that the similarity between terrestrial tillites and certain Moon rocks is significant because this similarity
A.	suggest that it is unlikely that glaciers have produced tillites on Earth
B.	suggest that the rate of meteor impacts on the Moon is much higher than previously thought
C.	provides the first compelling evidence that the Moon has experienced meteor impacts
D.	supports Rampino’s explanation regarding the origin of certain terrestrial tillits
E.	supports Young’s claim, regarding the periodic occurrence of glaciers throughout Earth’s history

4.	The passage suggests that the supporters of the traditional view would be most likely to disagree with the “scientists”（highlighted）over which of the following regarding the fossil record during the Permian period?
A.	the number of species that disappeared from the fossil record during the Permian period
B.	the significance of a species disappearance from the fossil record during the Permian period
C.	the point in time at which species began disappearing from the fossil record during the Permian period
D.	the likelihood that the fossil record during the Permian period will be supplemented by new fossil discoveries
E.	the likelihood that the fossil record during the Permian period is as accurate as the fossil records of other periods

time: 11'29''
时间分配！

# Passage 73
 
Jane Austen’ s relationship to Romanticism has long been a vexed one. Although her dates (1775-1817) place her squarely within the period, she traditionally has been studied apart from the male poets whose work defined British Romanticism for most of the twentieth century. In the past her novels were thought to follow an Augustan mode at odds with the Romantic ethos. Even with the advent of <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">historicist and feminist criticism</mark>, which challenged many previous characterizations of Austen as detached from the major social, political and aesthetic currents of her time, she continued to be distinguished from her male contemporaries. **Jerome McCann**, for example, insists that Austen does not espouse the Romantic ideology. **Anne Mellor** declares that Austen, along with other “leading women intellectual and writers of the day” “did not”, participate in the Romantic “spirit of the age” but instead embraced an alternative ideology that Mellor labels “<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">feminine Romanticism</mark>”.

To be sure, some critics throughout the years have argued for Austen’s affinities with one or more of the male Romantic poets. A special issue of the Wordsworth Circle (Autumn 1976)was devoted to exploring connections between Austen and her male contemporaries. **Clifford Siskin** in his historicist study of Romanticism argued that Austen does participate in the same major innovation, the naturalization of belief in a developing self, as that characterized in Wordsworth’s poetry and other key works from the period. Recently, three books have appeared (by Clara Tuite, William Galperin, and William Deresiewicz) that in various ways treat Austen as a Romantic writer and together signal a shift in the tendency to segregate the major novelist of the age from the major poets.

The present essay seeks to contribute to this goal of firmly integrating Austen within the Romantic movement and canon. It does so by pointing out affinities between Austen and a writer with whom she has not commonly been associated, **John Keats**. Most comparisons of Austen and the Romantic poets have focused on Wordsworth and Byron, whose works we know she read. Although Austen could not have read Keats’ s poems, which only began to appear in print during the last years of her life, and there is no evidence that Keats knew Austen’ s novels, a number of important similarities can be noted in these writers’ works that provide further evidence to link Austen with the Romantic movement, especially the period of second-generation Romanticism when all of her novels were published.

reading time: 4'43''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	reconcile two competing positions in an ongoing critical debate
B.	develop a counterargument against a recent interpretation of a writer’s work
C.	provide support for a new approach to a writer’s work
D.	illustrate the contradictions experienced by women writers during a certain period
E.	explain a writer’s detachment from the major intellectual currents of a period

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	The author of the passage describes Austen’s relationship to Romanticism as “vexed” mainly because
A.	her novels do not follow the Augustan mode to the extent the poetry of her contemporaries did
B.	her views seem to be at odds with those of male writer whose works defined British Romanticism
C.	her novels were written during the Romantic period, yet she is not treated as a Romantic writer
D.	her novels are critical of the Romantic ideology, embracing instead an alternative ideology sometimes described as “feminine Romanticism”
E.	she achieved recognition for her novels, whereas the Romantic era is better know for its poetry
 
3.	According to to the passage, compared to critics trained in “historicist and feminist criticism”（highlighted）earlier critics of Austen were
A.	more likely to represent her as isolated from the major intellectual currents of her period
B.	more likely to represent her as departing from Augustan modes of thought
C.	more likely to find connections between her novels and Romantic poetry
D.	less likely to neglect the influence of Romantic ideology on her work
E.	less likely to notice affinities between Austen and her female counterparts

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark>	The author of the passage would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the concept of “feminine Romanticism”（highlighted）?
A.	It bought about Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by implying that Austen embraced relatively few elements of the Romantic ideology.
B.	It contributes to Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by keeping her separate from the male writers whose poetry is central to the period.
C.	It ameliorates Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by emphasizing affinities between he and other leading women intellectuals of the day.
D.	It ameliorates Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by capturing the notion of an alternative Romantic ideology that she espoused.
E.	It resolves Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by demonstrating her affinity with Romantic ideology.

time: 10'40''

# Passage 74

The damage that trucks do to highways escalates dramatically with the weight borne per axle. New regulations increase the maximum permitted vehicle weight; these regulations will therefore allow onto the highway trucks capable of doing even more damage than those currently permitted.

reading time: 0'34''

1.	The argument is open up to criticism on the grounds that it
A.	fails to establish that the level of damage done by trucks is a serious problem
B.	omits evidence about one of the two relevant factors
C.	ignores the possibility that careful driving can lessen damage to highways
D.	presumes that trucks are the only vehicles capable of causing substantial damage to highways
E.	presumes that something is bound to happen just because it is allowed to happen

time: 1'19''

# Passage 75

Normally, seeds of Emmenathe penduliflora stay dormant for years and germinate only when a fire burns through their habitat. Nitrogen dioxide in the smoke induces the seeds to germinate. Fires clear the brush, allowing germinating seeds to receive the sunlight they need to grow. The plants mature quickly, produce seeds, and then die. In areas with heavy automobile traffic, however, the seed germinates in the absence of fire, with automobile exhaust supplying the required nitrogen dioxide.

time: 0'40''

1.	The information given, if accurate, most strongly supports which of the following hypotheses?
A.	Fires in the habitat of E. Penduliflora do not entirely destroy the plant’s seeds even in the places where the fires burn most intensely.
B.	The nitrogen dioxide in automobile exhaust cannot harm plants of E. Penduliflora after germination.
C.	If human intervention decreases the number of fires in the habitat of E. Penduliflora, automobile exhaust can replicate the conditions the plant requires in order to thrive.
D.	Within the habitat of E. Penduliflora, natural fires are significantly more frequent in areas with heavy automobile traffic than they are in other areas.
E.	Unless E. Penduliflora seeds that have germinated can survive in the shade, automobile exhaust threatens the long-term survival of the plant in areas with heavy automobile traffic.

time: 1'59''

# Passage 76
In most coastal regions, the level of the sea is rising in relation to the land by one to two millimeters a year, and this trend would be explained by the hypothesis that at the North and South Poles, the amount of ice that melts during the summer now exceeds the amount forms during the winter. The hypothesis is not undermined by observations that <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">sea levels are falling relative to the Scandinavian coast by four millimeters a year</mark>. Much land in northern latitudes, including Scandinavia, is still rising in response to being freed of the enormous weight of the ice that used to cover it during the last ice age, and <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">in Scandinavia the land is now rising faster than the sea.</mark>

time: 1'06''

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> In the passage, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A.	The first states observation the accuracy of which is challenged in the passage; the second is part of the ground on which that challenge is based.
B.	The first states observations that, according to the passage, are incompatible with a certain hypothesis; the second is part of the grounds offered in support of a revision of that hypothesis.
C.	The first states observations that, according to the passage , can be reconciled with a certain hypothesis; the second describes a phenomenon that is factual basis of that reconciliation.
D.	The first presents a phenomenon, two competing explanations of which are considered in the passage; the second is the explanation of the phenomenon that the passage argues is correct.
E.	The first provides evidence against a position; the second is that position.

time: 2'30''

# Passage 77
Editors of major United States news magazines have been criticized for reducing the amount of space these magazines devote to international news. According to these editors, however, readers are wholly to blame for the reductions. After all, the editors point out, <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">sales of magazine issues that prominently feature international news stories have declined significantly</mark>, and declining sales reflect declining reader interest. Yet even if true, this evidence does not refute the contention that editors should bear some of the blame for the reductions, unless editors are merely passive instruments responding to reader interest. And that is clearly an untenable view, since <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">editors can often intensify reader interest in a news topic by giving it frequent coverage.</mark>

time: 1'18''

In the argument as a whole, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A.	The first is evidence that has been used to support a position that the argument opposes; the second is a point that the argument raises to cast doubt on the reasoning used to support that position.
B.	The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument, the second is information introduced to cast doubt on that claim.
C.	The first presents a claim,the truth of which is evaluated in the argument, the second provides evidence in support of that claim.
D.	The first cites evidence in support of the main conclusion of the argument, the second states that conclusion.
E.	The first states an assumption that is explicitly made to support the main conclusion of the argument, the second is a position that the argument as whole opposes.

time: 2'05''

# Passage 78
Benovians set their clocks back an hour for the winter. The result is that, during winter’s short days, it is light when most commuters drive to work, but dark when they drive back home.
Darkness contributes to accidents. Changing the clocks, however, does not actually increase the amount of driving done in the dark, so it is unlikely to have any effect on Benovia’s automobile accident rate.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A.	The average number of hours that Benovians drive when it is dark is greater for days during the winter than for days during other times of the year.
B.	In Benovia, hazards to safe driving that are made worse by darkness are as likely to occur in the morning as in the evening.
C.	The majority of cars on Benovia’s roads during a given day are those of people commuting to or from work.
D.	The majority of automobile accidents in Benovia take place when it is dark.
E.	Driving conditions are no worse in Benovia in the winter than during the rest of the year.

time: 2'17''

# Passage 79
Elizabeth Bishop’s Complete Poems(1927-1979) has come to seem to most of its readers so achieved and sufficient as a life’s work that it is hard not to lose sight of how slowly Bishop wrote poems and of how few poems, finally, she completed. But Bishop herself never ceased to find her productivity inadequate. The size and pace of her output were always in her eyes a failing (vaguely moral in <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">complexion</mark>) for which she apologized throughout her career, although, as I will argue in this essay, Bishop’s inability to write more poems than she did was also a refusal to do so. The small, manageable size of Bishop’s body of work has facilitated its extraordinary critical reception since her death. (Robert Lowell, whose oeuvre is so much larger, has never had a complete edition of his poetry published.) Yet the size of her work is also a sign of Bishop’s alienation, that is, her uneasy, resistant relation to the literary culture that today claims her as the major poet of her generation.

time: 2'05''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The passage indicates that the small size of Bishop’s body of work contributed to bringing about which of the following?
A.	bishop’s alienation from the literary culture of her generation
B.	the favorable scholarly attention that Bishop’s work has received since her death
C.	an interest among readers regarding why Bishop wrote so slowly

2.	In the context in which it appears, “complexion” most nearly means
A.	appearance
B.	constitution
C.	hue
D.	intricacy
E.	personality

# Passage 80
Shoreland County recently purchased an area of wilderness land in the county to prevent it from being developed. In doing so, the county has forfeited all future property taxes on this land. Property taxes are assessed on market value, and if developed, the land would have contributed significantly to the county’s overall annual tax revenue. Because of the purchase, therefore, overall annual tax revenue will be lower than it would have been if development had occurred.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A.	The money the county would have had to expend for services to residences or industry developed on the wilderness land would have exceeded the tax revenue from the developed land.
B.	The market value of undeveloped properties in Shoreland County will not increase significantly in the foreseeable future.
C.	The property taxes received by Shoreland County from the previous owners of the wilderness area were insignificant relative to the county’s overall annual tax revenue.
D.	Land near the area bought by the county will not increase significantly in market value as a result of being near wilderness that is protected from development.
E.	Shoreland County will not in the foreseeable future prevent the development of any other land in the county.

time: 3'45''

--

# 答案

passage 71

1. 答案：C

解析：文章首段描述第十四条修正案痛苦的出台过程：从 1866 年的民权法案，经过立法、司法、行政几方的权力角力，第十四修正案 1868 年终于获得通过。

第二段介绍第十四修正案出台后，立法机关的美好理想和司法机关的丑陋实践之间的矛盾。司法机关通过案例判定施加的影响，背离了第十四修正案种族平等的理想。

第三段介绍第二次世界大战后，第十四条修正案才开始真正发挥作用。司法机关通过一些关键案例的判定，真正落实乃至扩展了第十四修正案种族平等，反对歧视的思想。

该题针对文章主旨。所以综上可知最好的答案是 C 选项。

A 错，所概括内容与原文矛盾：The broadlanguage of the amendment strongly suggests that its framers were proposing towrite into the Constitution not a laundry list of specific civil rights

B 选项针对三段内容，范围过小。

D 选项与文章主旨矛盾。首段即明确指出对于起草者意图的共识。

E 选项针对三段，概括也不准确。

2. 答案：A

解析：回到关键词 state action limitation 定位到原文原文第二段：In the Civil Rights Cases of 1883, for example, the Court inventedthe “state action” limitation,which asserts that “private”decisions by owners of public accommodations and other commercial business tosegregate their facilities are insulated from the reach of the FourteenthAmendment’s guarantee of equal protection under the law。概括可知 A 选项，the state action limitation 违背了第十四条修正案的平等原则，纵容了私人领域的种族歧视和种族隔离现象。

3. 答案：B

解析：根据关键词 framers of the Fourteenth Amendment 定位到原文第 1 段：…… all interpreters agree that theframers’ immediate objective was to provide a constitutional warrant for theCivil Rights Act of 1866, which guaranteed the citizenship of all persons bornin the United States and subject to United States jurisdiction. 可知作者认为起草者的意图是给所有提供平等公民权。哪个选项把起草者提供平等公民权的范围理解得最小，哪个正确。A 选项说，起草者预计到后文提到的 state action limitation, 只保护公共领域的平等权利，B 选项说 framers had merely sought to preventdiscriminatory acts by federal officials，只针对联邦政府官员的歧视行为。B 选项所指范围明显小于 A 选项。B 破坏力最强。

4. 答案：B

解析：此题明显定位到第一段，第一段说这些 proponents 支持这个 Act，然后他们为了让 Act 有宪法 foundation，所以要去推动十四修订案，所以终极目标是去推动 Act，而 Act 的宗旨就是这些人想要实现的目标：确保公民的平等权利。所以最合适的答案是 B 选项

5. 答案：A

解析：虚拟取非题。问题问的是在什么情况下第十四条修正案可能不会被颁布，回到首段第十四修正案出台的关键因素：The act was vetoed by President Andrew Johnson, who argued that theThirteenth Amendment, which abolished slavery, did not provide Congress with the authority to extend citizenship and equal protection to the freed slaves. 可知是由于总统质疑 Congress，使得 Congress 推翻了他的的反对才使得这条修正案通过的。将该关键因素取非，可知，如果 Congress 没有受到质疑，这条修正案也不会被通过了。A 选项。

6. 答案：D

解析：由 the Civil Rights Act of 1866……was designed primarily to counter the Supreme Court’s ruling in Dred Scott v. Sandford 可知Ⅱ在Ⅰ前；由 Congresspromptly overrode Johnson’s veto, supporters of the actsought to ensure its constitutional foundations with the passage of theFourteenth Amendment 可知Ⅳ 在Ⅲ前。又由于 Fourteenth Amendment 在 1868 年通过，所以总的顺序是Ⅱ Ⅰ Ⅳ Ⅲ，选 D。

7. 答案：E

解析：根据关键词 the second of the two doctrines 定位到原文 Second, the Court relaxed the state action limitation on theFourteenth Amendment, bringing new forms of private conduct within theamendment’s reach。第二条 doctrine 放松了 state action limitation 对 Fourteenth Amendment 的限制，结合二段可知将使得 private conduct 也将受到 Fourteenth Amendment 的约束，所以对于 commercial business 来说更难进行 racialdiscrimination 了，选 E。

passage 72

1.答案：B

解析：文章首段首先介绍传统老观念：认为大约 250 万年前的地球生物大灭绝是一个渐进的过程，主要由气候变化引起；Yet 之后一些学者对老观点提出了挑战：PW 等通过考古证据，认为流星撞击地球才是导致剧烈大灭绝的原因。二段展开新老观点的证据，相互的辩驳及此消彼长。文章最后，作者引出月球证据，支持了新观点。该题针对文章主旨目的，通过文章结构可知选 B。

2. 答案：C

解析：题干观点是二段老观点，定位到二段原文对老观点的质疑：The problem withascribing all tillites to glaciation, however, is that tillite deposits arewidespread in Precambrian sediments，结合后句，当时气候温暖，不应该产生如此多的 tillites, 由此推出有其他来源产生 tillites。可知 C 选项是质疑老观点、支持新观点的关键。

3. 答案：D

解析：文中说 Rampino and others question one of thetraditionalists’ basic assumption: the periodicoccurrence of glaciation throughout Earth’s history. 传统观念学者认为 terrestrial tillites 是由于冰川活动引起的，而 Rampino 则认为是 meteor impacts 引起的。月球上的 certain Moon rocks 肯定是由于 meteor impacts 引起的，如果能够证明 terrestrial tillites 和 certain Moon rocks 的相似性，就就支持 Rampino 的观点：terrestrial tillites 也是由 meteor impacts 导致的，也就驳斥了传统学者的观点：terrestrial tillites 是冰川引起的。D 选项正确。

4. 答案：B

解析：回到原文 Supporters of the traditionalist view notethat species begin disappearing from the fossil record well before the end of the Permian period. Yet, while such a pattern could have resulted from a slowlyrising extinction rate, some scientistsargue that just because a species disappears from the fossil record doesn’t necessarily mean it became extinct at that point。可以说明双方就某种生物从化石记录中消失所代表的意义存在争论：老观点认为化石消失代表灭绝，新观点（some scientists）认为消失未必代表灭绝。B 选项最准确概括双方分歧。

passage 73

1. 答案：C

解析：文章首段针对矛盾现象（Jane Austen 生活在浪漫主义时代，但被认为脱离于主流浪漫主义男性诗人）展开老观点：Jane Austen 脱离于主流浪漫主义男性诗人，即使女权主义批评兴起之后。

二段介绍相反观点：Jane Austen 和浪漫主义男性诗人是有密切关系的。

三段介绍特殊案例：the present essay，从特定角度支持二段观点。

由文章结构，尤其二段三段关系，可知 C 选项最准确。

2. 答案：C

解析：题目要求确认首段首句主旨句的主要支持理由。C 选项针对二句主要理由：Although her dates (1775-1817) place her squarely within the period,she traditionally has been studied apart from the male poets whose work definedBritish Romanticism for most of the twentieth century。

3. 答案：A

解析：题目针对首段“historicist and feminist criticism”和之前观点的区别，定位到原文 which challenged many previous characterizations of Austen as detached from the majorsocial, political and aesthetic currents of her time, she continued to be ……可知 A 选项。

4. 答案：B

解析：定位到原文 she continued to be distinguished from hermale contemporaries……for example……Anne Mellor declares that Austen, along with other “leading women intellectuals and writers of the day” “did not”, participate in the Romantic “spirit of the age” but instead embraced an alternative ideology that Mellor labels “feminine Romanticism”可知 包括末句在内的历史主义和女权主义批评没有化解，而是加重了首段首句描述的矛盾现象。B 选项最准确。

passage 74

答案：B

解析：文章理由说 trucks 对公路的破坏取决于单 axle 承重量的提升，新规定增加了允许卡车载重的总量。结论说新规定会允许能对公路造成更加严重的破坏卡车上路。从理由到结论的推理中忽略了相关重要因素，因为：破坏力（单轴承重量）＝总重量／轴数。B 选项最准确描述逻辑漏洞。

passage 75

答案：E

解析：文章理由提到，EP 自然条件下生长需要火，火创造两个关键条件：1 一氧化氮使其发芽，2 清除灌木，使其能见阳光。人工条件提供了自然关键条件 1. E 选项是正确推理，不满足第 2 个条件，该植物无法长期存活。

passage 76

答案：C

解析：文章首先指出一个现象：全球海平面相对陆地上升，解释原因是：南北极夏季融化雪多于冬季形成雪。紧接着说 this hypothesis is not undermined by observation: 斯堪的纳维亚的海平面相对陆地下降 (首句黑体)，之后是针对该矛盾的解释原因。分析段落结构可知 C 选项。

passage 77

答案：A

解析：文章首先指出现象：编辑们因为国际新闻页面的减少而被批评。编辑关键是：读者应该为减少担负全责，因为读者对于国际新闻的兴趣减少导致相关报道销量减少（首句黑体）；但是作者认为：编辑仍然应当承担部分责任，理由是：编辑可以通过提高报道频率的方式来增加读者的兴趣。由结构分析可知，第一个高亮句是支持编辑的理由，编辑的立场是作者反对的立场；第二个高亮句是作者支持自己立场的理由，也是批评编辑辩解的理由。A 选项最准确。

passage 78

答案：B

解析：文章背景信息是：B 在冬天将时间拨慢一个小时。文章理由是：冬令时调整不会增加黑暗中的驾驶数量（时间），文章的核心观点是：冬令时调整不会影响车祸概率。整理清楚文章结构后，主动考虑破坏结论的因素。如果因为早上和晚上微妙的差异，导致时间调整后早上事故率的降低大于晚上事故率的下降，那么作者的结论就会被破坏。文章推理要成立，必须假设结论被破坏的可能性不存在。B 选项否定了早上和晚上的差异。

passage 79

1. 答案：A B

解析：文章首句介绍特殊 EB 作品的特殊现象：作品质量高导致大家容易忽略其低产量。二句 but 转折后说 EB 本人对此很在意抱歉。之后是作者的评论：作品数量低促成后代对她的特殊高评价，但也是导致她与当时文学界疏远关系的原因。A 选项定位到末句：Yet the size ofher work is also a sign of Bishop’s alienation, that is, her uneasy, resistantrelation to the literary culture that today claims her as the major poet of hergeneration. B 选项定位到原文 The small,manageable size of Bishop’s body of work hasfacilitated its extraordinary critical reception since her death。

2. 答案：A

解析：定位到原文上下文：But the size and pace of her outputwere always in her own eyes a failing (vaguely moral in complexion) for which she apologized throughout her career. 短语“vaguely moral in complexion”是对主句的解释，从主句 in herown eyes 可知 complexion 和“视觉”有关，A 选项 appearance 最合适。短语“vaguelymoral in complexion”理解为：看起来有微弱的道德意味。

passage 80

答案：D

解析：假设题。背景：Shoreland County 买下了一块荒地防止其被开发，为此，Shoreland County 放弃了这块地上未来的财产税。理由：财产税基于市场价值，如果进行开发会带来巨额的税收。结论：由于这次收购拒绝开发，Shoreland County 的税收总收入会比开发少很多。注意到理由结论之间的概念变化：理由中 overall annual tax 考虑的是待开发 land 本身，结论中 overall annual tax 潜在来源需要考虑的是整个县，不仅要考虑待开发 land 本身，还要考虑待开发 land 周围地区。D 选项弥补了理由结论间的潜在概念漏洞。