---
created: 2023-08-11 23:59:54
updated: 2023-08-13 21:28:38
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P21-30
---

# Passage 21
Received feminist wisdom has conceived of history as a male enclave devoid of woman subjects and practitioners, particularly before the twentieth century. As Ann For Freedom put it in 1972, from Herodout’s to Will Durant’s histories, the main characters, the main viewpoints and interests, have all been male. Feminist accounts of the 1970s and 1980s viewed historiography (the writing of history) as overwhelmingly his, coining the term herstory and presenting it as a compensatory feminist practice. Herstory designated women’s place at the center of an alternative narrative of past events. Rosalind Miles’s description restates the popular view: Women’s history by contrast has only just begun to invent itself. Males gained entry to the business of recording, defining and interpreting events in the third millennium B.C.; for women, this process did not even begin until the nineteenth century. The herstorical method provided a means for feminist historians to explore materials by and about women that had previously been neglected or ignored. Herstory promoted curricular transformation in schools and was used as a slogan on T-shirts, pencils, and buttons. Exposing historians tacit and intentional sexism, herstorians set out to correct the record–to show that women had held up half the historical sky.

Dte the great scholarly gains made behind the rallying cry, herstory’s popular myth– particularly about the lack of women who have recorded history–require revision. Herstory may accurately describe feminists efforts to construct female- centered accounts of the past, but the term inadvertently blinds us to women’s important contributions to historical discourse before the nineteenth century. Historiography has not been an entirely male preserve, though feminists are justified in faulting its long-standing masculine contours. In fact, criticism of historiography’s sexism is not of recent origin. Early eighteenth-century feminist Mary Astell protested that the Men being the Historians, they seldom condescend to record the great and good actions of Women. Astell, like those who echoed her sentiments two and a half centuries later, must be credited for admirable zeal in setting out to right scholarly wrongs, but her supposition that historians were only male is inaccurate. Her perception is especially strange because she herself wrote a historical work, An Impartial Enquiry into the Cause of Rebellion and Civil War (1704). Astell’s judgment is at the same time understandable, given that much historical writing by women of the late seventeenth century was not published until the nineteenth century. Despite their courage and their rightful anger, Astell and her descendants overlooked early modern woman writer’s contributions to historiography.
1.	It can be inferred that Rosalind Miles refers to the third millennium B.C. primarily in order to

A.	present an overview of what the practice of history once entailed
B.	suggest that the origins of historical study are much earlier than had been previously though
C.	suggest why the third millennium B.C. has received so much attention from historians
D.	establish a contrast between men and women in terms of how long they have been recording history
E.	indicate how significantly the practice of history has changed since the third millennium B.C.

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the term herstory
A.	was popular mainly in the nineteenth century
B.	is an old term that feminist put to new uses
C.	is controversial within the feminist community
D.	is not especially useful to scholars
E.	was invented to help make a particular point

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	Mary Astell is discussed by the author as an example of an eighteenth-century feminist historian
A.	who was representative of the intellectual interests of the woman historians of her time
B.	who inspired many practitioners of herstory in the twentieth century
C.	who shared with modern herstorian’s a mistaken assumption regarding the writing of history
D.	whose major work aroused much controversy at the time of its publication
E.	whose major work still has not received the attention from scholars that it deserves

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark>	The author implies which of the following about Astell’s supposition?
A.	It is likely to have arisen because of Astell’s unawareness of much of the historical work written by women.
B.	It was one that Astell reconsidered after she wrote her own historical work.
C.	It was one that was not shared by other feminist historians of Astell’s time.
D.	It was one that inspired Astell to write her own historical work.
E.	It directly contradicts one of the basic claims of herstory.
Time: 9'56''
# Passage 22
Until around 1930 few United States Civil War historians paid much attention to <u>Southerners</u> who opposed the 1861-1865 secession from the United States by a confederacy of Southern states. Southern historians clung instead to a notion of the South’s unanimity in the face of Northern aggression. Only when scholars such as <u>Lonn</u> decided to examine this side of the war did historian of the Confederacy begin to <u>recognize the existence of Southerners loyal</u> to the Union (Unionists). While these early historians of Southern dissent broke new ground, they also reproduced Confederate authoritie’s negative view of loyalists as shady characters driven by dubious motives. Even <u>Tatum</u>, who took a largely sympathetic attitude toward loyalists, tended to lump them into [[nebulous]] categories, offering broad generalizations that ignored the particulars of Unionists’ identities and experiences.

This early-twentieth-century historiography nonetheless represented the leading research on dissent in the South until the 1960s and 1970s. Spurred by the advent of social historical methods, a new generation of historians found Unionists interesting as manifestations of the Confederacy’s internal weaknesses. Focusing on the Appalachian Mountain and upper South regions of the Confederacy, these scholars argued that there was a <u>profound divide</u> among Southern Whites between those who benefited economically from slave-run plantations and those who did not. One such historian was <u>Escott</u>, who emphasized regional and economic conflict among Southerners. Escott cast Unionists and other dissenters as antiplanter mountaineers who could not, by reason of economic and social alienation, identify with the proslavery Southern cause. This theme has heavily <u>influenced</u> the work of subsequent scholars, who commonly place Unionists at the extreme end of a continuum of class-based Confederate disaffection that was ultimately responsible for the South’s collapse. Because the driving force behind such inquiries into loyalist history has been a desire to explain Confederate ideology, politics, and defeat, **emphasis has been placed on the ways loyalist Southerners diverged from the political and economic mainstream of Confederate nationalism.**

Only recently have **some Civil War historians** begun to make Unionists and their experiences, rather than the Confederate state, the center of inquiry. These scholars have done intensive community and local studies of dissenting groups that take into account a range of social and cultural, as well as military and political, factors at work on the Southern home front. Hoping to better understand <u>who remained loyal to the Union during the war</u>, these historians have sought to explain the Civil War’s underlying character, dimensions, and impact in particular counties or towns, especially in the upper South and Appalachia. This relatively new trend has stressed the particular, delved into the complexities of political allegiances on the home front, and, as Sutherland notes, highlighted “the gritty experience of real people”.

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	summarize a particular debate among historians
B.	trace the evolution of a particular area of historical study
C.	challenge a common misconception about a particular historical period
D.	identify flaws in a particular approach to the study of a historical subject
E.	explain why a particular historical question has received little scholarly attention

2.	The passage suggests that “some Civil War historians”（Paragraph 3）would probably agree with which of the following statements about Southern Unionists?
A.	Their economic circumstances were more significant than their social and cultural identities in determining their dissent from the Confederate cause.
B.	Their significant to historians lies mainly in what their actions reveal about the mainstream of Confederate nationalism from which they departed
C.	Their political allegiance must be understood in relation to specific local factors that affected their lives during the Civil War period
D.	They were more likely to be from areas outside the upper South and Appalachia than were supporter of the Confederate cause
E.	They were more likely to be from economically privileged groups than were supporters of the Confederate cause.

3.	The passage suggests which of the following about histories of the Civil War written before 1930?
A.	Some took a fairly sympathetic view of Southern Unionists.
B.	Interest in these histories has been revived by the work of recent historians
C.	Most offered little analysis of the lives and motives of Southern Unionists.
D.	Many tended to group Southern Unionists into broad categories that obscured their differences.
E.	Few accepted the idea that the South was politically unified during the Civil War.

4.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It challenges a common misconception about the motives driving an influential group of Civil War historians.
B.	It describes a major contribution of the Civil War historians of the 1960s and 1970s that inspired the next generation of scholars.
C.	It calls attention to aspects of the Confederate cause that were alienating to those Southerners who remained loyal to the Union.
D.	It identifies a tendency in Civil War scholarship that more recent scholarship has moved away from.
E.	It explains how ideological and political aspects of the Confederacy loyalist Southerners to reject the Confederate cause.

Time: 12'08'' 2/4
time2: 8'11''  4/4

> 这是一个介绍研究演变的文章，作者没有自己的观点
> 第一段： 1930 few attention to Southerners, lonn recognize their existence, but even tatum, ignored the identitied and experiences
> 第二段： 1960-1970，due to the new advent of social historical methods, new historians found a divide among Shouthern Whites. Escott emphasized regional and economic conflict, which influenced the later work. 
> 第三段： others begin to make Unionists and their experiences done intensive community and local studies.
# Passage 23
In his recent book, Louis Gerteis argues that nineteenth-century Northern reformers in the United States attacked slavery in the South by invoking the values of a utilitarian political economy: proper public policy requires government to endorse anything that gives all people the opportunity to maximize their individual pleasure and their material gain. Social good, according to this thinking, is achieved when individuals are free to pursue their self-interests. Gerteis argues that, since slavery in the South precluded individual autonomy and the free pursuit of material gain, major Northern reformers opposed it as early as the 1830s.

In making this argument, Gerteis offers the most persuasive formulation to date of the Growth of a Dissenting Minority interpretation, which argues that a slow but steady evolution of a broad-based Northern antislavery coalition [[culminate]]d in the presidential victory of the antislavery Lincoln in 1860. This interpretive framework, which once dominated antislavery historiography, had been <u>discounted by historians for two basic reasons.</u> First, it tended to homogenize the political diversity of Northern reformers; Northern reformers differed significantly among themselves and belonged to diverse political parties. Second, it seemed incompatible with <u>emerging scholarship</u> on the slaveholding South, which held that Northern abolitionists of the 1830s did not succeed in mobilizing Northern public opinion and paving the way for Lincoln in 1860. Instead, Southern slaveholders misconstrued abolitionist views of the 1830s as main- stream rather than marginal Northern public opinion, and castigated Northerners generally for opposing slavery. In this view, it was the castigation by Southerners that gradually caused widespread antislavery feeling throughout the North.

Gerteis [[revive]]s the Growth interpretation by asserting that, rather than Southern attitudes, the unified commitment of Northern reformers to utilitarian values served to galvanize popular political support for [[abolitionism]]. However, unlike earlier proponents of the Growth interpretation, Gerteis does not reduce the Northern reformers to a homogeneous group or try to argue that the reformers shared views undermined their differing party loyalties. Members of the two major political parties still attacked each other for ideological differences.
Nevertheless, Gerteis argues, these disparate party affiliations did not diminish the actuality of reformer unity, most prominent in the 1830s. At this time, Northern reformers, such as William Lloyd Garrison and Samuel Chase, portrayed the framers of the United States Constitution as proponents of individual autonomy and capitalist values. This vision of the founders served as a basis for asserting that freedom was a national moral imperative, and that the United Sates Constitution was an antislavery document. Gerteis differs from traditional adherents of the Growth framework by asserting that the basic elements in the antislavery coalition were firmly in place and accepted by all elements in the Northern reform community as early as the late 1830s.

reading time: 4'24''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	criticizing adherents of a traditional view for overlooking important data
B.	reconciling two different explanations for the same phenomenon
C.	describing a reformulation of a traditional interpretation
D.	advocating a traditional approach to a controversial subject
E.	suggesting that a new interpretation is based on faulty assumptions

2.	The author would be most likely to agree with which of the following about Gerteis formulation of the Growth interpretation?
A.	It is too similar to the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
B.	It is of dubious validity and does not expand research on the antislavery movement.
C.	It is strongly supported by recent research on the nineteenth-century South.
D.	It is more convincing than the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
E.	It is seminal work that will be highly influential on future research.

3.	The passage supports which of the following statements about the Growth interpretation?
A.	It had been dismissed by earlier historians but has recently come to dominate antislavery historiography.
B.	It has recently received support from emerging scholarship on the nineteenth-century South.
C.	It was once very influential in antislavery historiography and has recently been reformulated.
D.	It has always been highly controversial and is still widely debated by historians.
E.	It has recently been discounted by emerging scholarship on utilitarian values in the nineteenth-century South.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark>	Which of the following, if true, would provide the LEAST support for Gerteis arguments as they are discussed in the passage?
A.	In the 1870s, following the abolition of slavery, many Northerners remained unified in their desire to see an effective free-labor system implemented in the South.
B.	As early as the 1830s, Northern abolitionists and Northern reformers with a commitment to utilitarian values began to agree that the United States Constitution was an important antislavery document.
C.	Many Northern reformers who disagreed about political policies argued that abolishing slavery should be a central goal of the United States government.
D.	As early as 1836, many Northern reformers argued that slavery destroyed individuals ability to pursue their self-interests and thwarted the free pursuit of material gain.
E.	Owing to their different party allegiances, Northern reformers who shared utilitarian values did not join together in important collective actions against slavery.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark>	The author of the passage mentions “emerging scholarship” most probably in order to
A.	describe an argument that has been advanced to challenge the “Growth” interpretation
B.	show how Gerteis has used recent research to support his formulation of the “Growth” interpretation
C.	explain how the “Growth” interpretation was originally developed
D.	discuss a theory about the nineteenth century North that is very similar to the ‘‘Growth’’ interpretation
E.	suggest that the “Growth” interpretation is no longer discussed among historians

time1: 13'26'' 3/5
Time2: 9'21'' 5/5

> 这是旧-新观点+作者评论的文章
> 第一段：LG 认为 Northern reformers attacked slavery in the South by invoking values, 
> 第二段: LG offered a formulation about the interpretation. Once dominated historiography, had been discounted by historians.
> 第三段：the author thinks that LG offered a reformulation of the Growth interpretation.
# Passage 24
Historian E.H Carr’s thesis that all debates concerning the explanation of historical phenomena revolve around the question of the priority of causes is so familiar to historians as to constitute orthodoxy within their profession. The true historian, as Carr puts it, will feel a professional obligation to place the multiple causes of a historical event in a hierarchy by means of which the primary or ultimate cause of the event can be identified. In the Marxist mode of historical explanation (historical materialism), a universal hierarchy of causes is posited in which economic factors are always primary. In the classic, more widely accepted alternative ultimately derived from Weberian sociology, hierarchies of causes are treated as historically specific: explanatory primacy in any particular historical situation must be established by empirical investigation of that situation, not by applying a universal model of historical causation.

While the need to rank historical causes in some order of importance may seem obvious to most historians, such hierarchies raise serious philosophical difficulties. If any historical event is the product of a number of factors, then each of these factor is indispensable to the occurrence of the event. But how can one cause be more indispensable than another? And if it cannot, how can there be a hierarchy of indispensable causes? It was this problem that first led Weber himself to argue for the impossibility of any general formula specifying the relative importance of causes; we cannot, for example, conclude that in every capitalist society religious change has been more significant than economic change (or vice versa) in explaining the rise of capitalism.

Runciman offers a different argument leading to the same conclusion. He points out that it is possible to identify specific factors as the primary causes of a particular historical event only relative to an initial set of background conditions. For instance, if we accept English defeats after 1369 in the Hundred Years War as a given, then we may identify the high levels of taxation necessitated by these military reverses as the main cause of the Peasants Revolt of 1381. If instead we regard the financing of warfare by taxation in this period as a background condition, then we will see the English reverses themselves as the main cause of the revolt. However, neither ordinary life nor historical practice offer reliable criteria by which to distinguish causes from background conditions and thus to resolve historical debates about the relative importance of causes. And this difficulty casts doubt not only on the Marxist effort to identify a universal hierarchy of causes, but also on any attempt to identify an objective hierarchy of causes–even of the historically specific kind favored by non-Marxists.

reading time : 3'50''

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to

A.	compare two prominent models of historical explanation
B.	undermine non-Marxist objections to the historical-materialist explanatory model of historical causation
C.	analyze ways in which the question of historical causation can be illuminated by Weberian sociology
D.	challenge an orthodox position concerning historical explanation
E.	argue that historical analysis should rely more on empirical investigation than on philosophical reflection

2.	According to the passage, most historians share the assumption that
A.	The most useful current model of historical causation is the historical-materialist model.
B.	Explaining a historical event requires ranking its causes by importance.
C.	The same hierarchy of causes underlies every historical event.
D.	Philosophical debates have limited utility for historical practice.
E.	Different causes of the same historical event sometimes have the same importance.

3.	In the second paragraph of the passage, the author uses the concept of an indispensable cause primarily in order to question which of the following claims?
A.	Generalizations about the origins of capitalist societies are defensible.
B.	The study of history is largely independent of philosophical concerns.
C.	A universal model of historical causation is indefensible.
D.	A historical event is caused by many factors.
E.	A hierarchy of the causes of a historical event can be determined.

4.	Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A.	An assumption is identified and called into question.
B.	Opposing views are compared, contrasted, and shown to be compatible.
C.	An argument is advanced, criticized, and then revised.
D.	A theory is shown to be superior to its chief rival.
E.	Similar arguments are shown to lead to different conclusions.

Time: 9'57'' 2/4
time2: 6'38'' 4/4
# Passage 25
Modern feminism has brought the reputation of the English writer Mary Wollstonecraft (1759-1797) to something approaching the [[luster]] it deserves. While she enjoyed a certain
celebrity among political radicals in the years just after her death, beginning in the nineteenth century her fame as a writer was hidden by disproportionate attention to her unconventional and, at the time, shocking personal life. When, therefore, <u>Virginia Woolf</u> wrote in 1925 of Wollstonecraft’s A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman that they felt like books so true that they seem now to contain nothing new in them, it was more a wishful than an accurate statement of the case. Wollstonecraft’s advances in moral thinking still have the power to shock position-takers of every party. The importance of gender even today is said to cut across other criteria for judging the conduct of men and women in society; Wollstonecraft, by contrast, believed that the shared morality of men and women should cut across all specifications of gender.

Wollstonecraft considered gender-based morality a relic of a [[barbarous]] age: part of that specialization of virtues by which every sexual feeling was expected to express itself as libertinism (in men) or false modesty (in women). In her view, there ought to be one criterion of morals for men and women alike, with both sexes cultivating the same virtues. Wollstonecraft [[rebel]]ed against the [[copious]] sentimental literature of her own time, which she felt [[patronize]]d women by insisting that it was to their advantage to affect [[chastity]] and modesty and that such virtues were their own reward.

In The Rights of Men, Wollstonecraft explores this double Bulosan standard from an unexpected angle. It was the first major response to Edmund Burke’s Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790), appearing less than a month after the impassioned defense of the deposed French monarchy. **A defender of Burke called Wollstonecraft’s book an [[incoherent]] mass of treacherous [[candour]], interested generosity, and, if not false, at least unnecessary accusation.** But Wollstonecraft nonetheless managed to show how the traditionally feminine virtues of sentimental morality had been transferred by Burke to the aristocracy. Burke’s [[rhapsody]] on the queen of France (glittering like the morning star, full of life, and splendor, and joy) was, for Wollstonecraft, an example of the argument that beauty and [[instinct]] must often prevail over reason, the argument on which Burke took his stand as a defender of the old order. Like women, Burke thought, and from a similar greatness and delicacy in their nature, the aristocracy were understood at once to require deference and to solicit compassion. To Wollstonecraft, Burke’s argument linked sympathy and power in a dangerous alliance; she insisted that aristocrats do not deserve to be treated in the way that women have traditionally been treated any more than women themselves do.

reading time: 4'31''
1.	By quoting Burke’s defender in the highlighted phrase, the author of the passage most clearly succeeds in

A.	providing a context for the political turbulence that unseated the French monarchy
B.	emphasizing the way in which Wollstonecraft’s philosophy divided men and women
C.	explaining why Wollstonecraft’s work has won more acceptance in the twentieth century than in the nineteenth
D.	illustrating the nature of the appeal of Burkes argument
E.	demonstrating the degree of hostility aroused by Wollstonecraft’s work

2.	The author of the passage quotes Burke’s description of the queen of France most probably in order to
A.	provide a specific illustration of a position with which Wollstonecraft took issue
B.	provide a specific example of Burke’s already archaic prose style
C.	balance the quotation from Burkes anonymous defender

D.	provide evidence of why Burkes position was more widely accepted than Wollstonecraft’s
E.	provide an example of what Wollstonecraft [[perceive]]d as Burke’s lack of political astuteness

3.	The passage suggests that which of the following is true concerning Virginia Woolf’s appraisal of A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman?
A.	Woolf was defending Wollstonecraft’s theories against attacks by nineteenth—century critics who concentrated only on Wollstonecraft’s notoriety.
B.	Woolf favored the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft and mistakenly assumed that they had become self-evident in the twentieth century.
C.	Woolf miscalculated the practical effects that the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft would have on society.
D.	Woolf decried the loss in the twentieth-century of social progress made in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
E.	Woolf was reacting against what she considered a lack of originality on Wollstonecraft’s part while calling for more sweeping changes than Wollstonecraft had proposed.

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark>	The author of the passage suggests that modern feminism has treated the writings of Mary Wollstonecraft in which of the following ways?
A.	Modern feminism has emphasized the progressive aspects of Wollstonecraft’s writings, while separating her work from her personal reputation.
B.	Modern feminism has emphasized Wollstonecraft’s importance as a theorist, while deemphasizing her effect on the daily life of her times.
C.	Modern feminism has worked toward a synthesis of Wollstonecraft’s philosophical advances with those of her contemporaries.
D.	Modern feminism has embraced Wollstonecraft’s relative importance as a theorist, while rejecting certain elements of her theories of gender-based morality.
E.	Modern feminism has equated Wollstonecraft’s ideas about the popular sentimentalization of women with her view of monarchist systems of government.
Time: 10'34'' 2/4
time2： 10'14'' 4/4

> 本文是典型的人物成就介绍加评论
> 现代女权主义给予 MW 她本人值得的评价。尽管一度被人低估，MW 关于性别道德的立场现在仍有价值。
> 二段详细介绍 MW 的性别道德立场：男女应该真正平等，反对当时流行的感伤主义文学的性别立场。
> 三段从一个特定角度展开 MW 的思想：对 Edmund Burke 的评论。作者认为，Edmund Burke 把传统上对女性的态度应用到贵族，MW 正确地反对了该做法。

# Passage 26
**Cuts that need to be held closed in order to heal properly have generally been held closed with stitches.** However, pressure to reduce medical costs is mounting. Consequently, it is likely that a newly developed adhesive will become the routine method of holding most types of cuts closed. The new adhesive holds most types of cuts closed as well as stitches do, and the cost of applying it is comparable to that of closing cuts with stitches. But whereas stitches must generally be removed by medical personnel after the cut has healed, the adhesive simply wears off. Thus, **for any cut that the adhesive can hold closed as well as stitches can, it is more economical to use the adhesive.**

In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A.	The first is a claim that the argument disputes; the second provides evidence against that disputed claim.
B.	The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is that main conclusion.
C.	The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is a conclusion that is drawn in order to support that main conclusion.
D.	The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction, the second is a conclusion based on that prediction.
E.	The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction; the second is an assessment that is used to support that prediction.

Time: 2'18''
# Passage 27
Based on evidence from tree rings, pollen samples and other records, scientists have for a long time assumed that interglacials—warm interludes between ice ages—were as mild and uniform as the Holocene, the present interglacial, has been for all of its 8,000 to 10,000 years. But new research in Greenland has put this assumption into question.

Researchers on two teams, the Greenland Ice-Core Project (GRIP) and the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 (GISP2), have analyzed two different cylinders of ice, each about two miles in depth, pulled up from the Greenland ice sheet. Such ice cores trap gases, bits of dust, and other chemicals that were present in the snow that fell over Greenland for thousands of years and then became compressed into ice. By studying these components, scientists have obtained a detailed archive of many aspects of climate, including air temperatures, snowfall, and concentrations of greenhouses gases in the atmosphere.

Findings from the upper sections of the cores have confirmed what scientists already knew climate during the last ice age <u>fluctuated</u> rapidly. But scientists were astonished by findings from the lower sections of the GRIP core, which provided a close look at an interglacial period other than our own, the Eemian interglacial, a period that lasted from 135,000 to 115,000 years ago. Data from GRIP seem to indicate that the Eemian climate swung at least as wildly as the climate of ice age periods.

Researchers’ clues to the Eemian climate come from measurements of the ratios of two slightly different types of oxygen, isotopes oxygen-16 and oxygen-18, preserved in the GRIP core. These ratios register the fluctuations of air temperatures over the seasons and years. When the air was warm, vapor containing the heavier isotope, oxygen-18, condensed and formed precipitation, in the form of snow, more readily than did vapor containing oxygen-16. Thus, snow that fell during warmer periods contains <u>proportionally more oxygen-18</u> than snow deposited during cold spells. Evidence of rapid climate shifts was also drawn from other sources, such as <u>measurements of amounts of dust and calcium ions</u> in the ice layers during cold periods: winds were strong, causing calcium-rich dust from loess deposits, which are composed of loose surface sediment, to blow across the ice sheet. Thus, differing amounts of dust in the layers also indicate changing climatic conditions.

However, finds from the lower section of GISP 2 do not confirm those of GRIP. The wild climate swings shown by GRIP in the last interglacial are not seen in the GISP2 core.
According to a GISP 2 scientist, the weight of flowing glacial ice above has stressed the lower sections of both cores. This may have deformed the lower ice, disrupting its annual layers and thereby causing the discrepancy between the records. Still, some climatologists believe GRIP’s record may be the more reliable of the two. It was drilled closer to a location called the ice divide, where stresses would have been lower, they say.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	refuting certain scientific theories about Earth’s climatic history
B.	outlining new findings concerning Earth’s climate during ice ages
C.	discussing new research that may challenge a long-held scientific assumption about Earth’s climatic history
D.	describing the climatic changes that occurred when Earth moved from an ice age into an interglacial period
E.	reconciling conflicting evidence concerning climatic changes.

2.	Which of the following describes research that is most clearly analogous to the testing done by GRIP scientists?
A.	Scientists studying the formation of the Sahara desert measure the rate of topsoil erosion in the region
B.	Scientists seeking to determine the age of a particular fossil measure the percentage of its carbon atoms that have decayed
C.	Scientists researching vision in flies measure and compare the amounts of vitamin A found in the retinas of several fly species.
D.	Scientists investigating the development of life on Earth measure and compare the amount of oxygen used by various organisms along the evolutionary scale.
E.	Scientists plotting the fluctuations in rainfall in the early rain forests measure the presence of certain gases trapped in tree rings of older trees.

3.	According to the passage, which of the following is the most accurate statement of what scientists believed, prior to the GRIP findings, about Earth’s climate?
A.	Over the course of Earth’s history, interglacials have become progressively milder
B.	Earth’s overall climate has been generally mild since the planet’s formation
C.	During both interglacials and ice ages, Earth’s climate has fluctuated violently.
D.	During ice ages, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during interglacials it has been mild and stable.
E.	During interglacials, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during ice ages it has been uniformly cold and icy.

4.	The passage suggests that which of the following is most likely to have been true of the oxygen-16 and oxygen-18 isotopes found in the lower sections of the GRIP core?
A.	There was significantly more isotope oxygen-18 than isotope oxygen-16 in the ice layers.
B.	There was significantly more isotope oxygen-16 than isotope oxygen-18 in the ice layers.
C.	Ratios of isotopes oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 varied in the ice layers.
D.	Layers containing isotope oxygen-18 placed stress on the layers containing isotope oxygen-16, possibly distorting them.
E.	Isotope oxygen-16, being lighter, was located mainly in the upper layers, whereas oxygen-18 had settled into the lower layers.

Time: 10'44''
# Passage 28
Early life insurers in the United States found themselves facing the problem of obtaining reliable information, as they needed to rely on applicants themselves to provide truthful, complete answers to a standard set of questions. In an attempt to personalize the relationship between insurers and their individual applicants, firms selected highly respected local citizens to act as their agents. These agents were expected to evaluate the appearance of candidates, unearth evidence of unhealthy family histories or questionable habits, and attest to the respectability of the people writing testimonial letters on an applicant's behalf. In short, the initial purpose of the agency system was not to actively solicit customers, but, rather, to recreate the glass-bowl mentality associated with small towns or city neighborhoods.
1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to

A.	explain the original function of life insurance agents
B.	evaluate the effectiveness of early life insurance agents
C.	describe how life insurance was first introduced
D.	illustrate how the life insurance agency system changed over time
E.	compare the strategies used by life insurance in cities and in small towns

2.	The author suggests which of the following about “city neighborhoods”?
A.	They were places where family histories were difficult to establish.
B.	They were places where unhealthy behaviors had been successfully addressed.
C.	They were locations that were well suited for recruiting insurance agents.
D.	They offered a high degree of transparency about a resident's personal history and character.
E.	They offered potentially fruitful markets for the life insurance industry.
Time: 3'24''
# Passage 29
For years, the leading theory for what caused the Younger Dryas (a dramatic reversal, about 12,900 years ago, in a global warming trend) was a <u>release of water from Glacial Lake Agassiz</u>. The theory posited that this meltwater flooded into the North Atlantic, lowering the salinity and intensity of surface waters enough to prevent them from sinking. Ocean currents were changed in such a way that northward transport of heat in the ocean diminished, and the North Atlantic regions plunged back into near-glacial conditions. However, evidence has emerged that the Younger Dryas began long before <u>freshwater flooded</u> the North Atlantic.
Additionally, the temperature changes induced by a shutdown in the North Atlantic heat conveyor system are too small to explain the Younger Dryas.

1.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about the release of water from glacial Lake Agassiz?
A.	The notion that the release occurred has been challenged by more recent findings.
B.	The release probably occurred much earlier than scientists have generally assumed.
C.	The release would not have been sufficient to cause any temperature change in the North Atlantic.
D.	The timing of the release is such that it probably did not trigger the onset of the Younger Dryas.
E. The release was probably unrelated to the global warming trend that was taking place.

2.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	presenting evidence that undermines an explanation
B.	explaining the nature of a climatological phenomenon
C.	questioning the timing of a particular event
D.	discussing a new explanation for a phenomenon
E.	suggesting revisions to a popular theory
Time: 4'55''
# Passage 30
One reason researchers have long believed that Mars never enjoyed an extensive period of warm and wet climate is that much of the surface not covered by wind-borne dust appear to be composed of unweathered material. **If water flowed for an extended period, researchers reasoned, it should have altered and weathered the volcanic minerals, creating clays or other oxidized, hydrated phases (minerals that incorporate water molecules in their crystal structure) .**

It turns out, though, that the scientists were not looking closely enough. New high-resolution mapping data and close-up surface studies have revealed clays and other hydrated minerals in many regions. The clay deposits are scattered all over, in ancient volcanic surfaces and heavily cratered highland regions, some of which have apparently been exposed by erosion only recently.

1.	According to the passage, scientists are able to discover weathered material on the Martian surface because they have benefited from which of the following?
A.	a new method to analyze volcanic craters created on the Martian surface.
B.	an improved ability to detect hydrated materials on the Martian surface
C.	a more sophisticated understanding of the effect of wind-borne dust on the Martian surface
D.	a decision to look for water primarily in heavily cratered highland regions.
E.	a better understanding of how erosion might affect clay deposits.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the author would agree with which of the following statements regarding the reasoning discussed in the highlighted sentence?
A.	It provides the basis for an explanation of why water on Mars has been difficult to find until recently.
B.	It correctly identifies a consequence of water flowing on the Martian surface.
C.	It depends on a false assumption about how water and volcanic materials interact on Mars.


Time: 3'18''

---

# 答案

passage 21

1. 答案：D

解析：

文章首段主要介绍女权主义的的历史观：建立独立于传统男权主义的女权主义历史。文章二段是作者的评论：女权主义历史观有缺陷，主要是会贬低历史上女性作家的贡献。

该题根据关键词 Rosalind Miles 和 third millennium B.C 定位到原文“Rosalind Miles’s description restates the popular view: Women’s history by contrast has only just begun to inventitself. Males gained entry to the business of recording, defining and interpreting events in the third millennium B.C.; for women, this process didnot even begin until the nineteenth century.”可知选 D。

2. 答案：E

解析：由关键词 herstory 定位到首次出现位置：“Feminist accounts of the 1970sand 1980s viewed historiography (the writing of history) as overwhelmingly his,coining the term herstory and presenting it as a compensatory feminist practice”可知选 E。

3. 答案：C

解析：根据关键词 Mary Astell 定位到原文二段：“Astell, like those who echoed hersentiments two and a half centuries later, must be credited for admirable zealin setting out to right scholarly wrongs, but her supposition that historianswere only male is inaccurate.”可知选 C。

4. 答案：A

解析：根据关键词 Astell’ssupposition 定位到原文“Astell’sjudgment is at the same time understandable, given that much historical writingby women of the late seventeenth century was not published until the nineteenthcentury. ”可知选 A。

passage 22

1. 答案：B

解析：

通读全文可知文章主要介绍了历史学家们对忠诚于联邦的南方人的研究的演变过程。

首段，1930 年之前，很少有人注意到这一研究议题，30 年代开创此研究领域，但有诸多不足；重复南部政府观点，忽略个人特定身份和经验等。

二段，介绍 60－70 年代该研究领域进展，主要是从政治、经济角度理解南部反叛者。

三段，最近的研究进展，开始关注地方特点，个人经验。

该题问文章主要目的，从文章结构分析可知答案选 B。

2. 答案：C

解析：根据关键词定位到文章三段。通过三段主旨和之前段落的区别可以确定 C 选项，只有该选项最能体现三段最新研究的特点：地方性、个人性。

3. 答案：C

解析：锁定关键词 before 1930 可知定位到原文“Until around 1930 few United StatesCivil War historians paid much attention to Southerners who opposed the1861-1865 secession from the United States by a confederacy of Southern states.”选 C。

4. 答案：D

解析：高亮句 “emphasis has been placed on the ways loyalist Southerners diverged from the political and economic mainstream of Confederate nationalism.”是二段最后一句。它的功能既要考虑和前文，尤其是二段的关系，也要考虑和后文三段的关系。三段首句 “Only recently have some CivilWar historians begun to make Unionists and their experiences, rather thanthe Confederate state, the center of inquiry”说明后来的研究者已经将研究的重心转移到了别的方面，因此选 D。

passage 23

1. 答案：C

解析：文章是典型新书内容介绍加评论。

第一段先介绍了 Louis Gerteis 新书中的观点，北部改革者从 1803 年代就攻击南部奴隶制，用的是功利自由主义价值观：个人应该有实现个人最大利益的自由。

第二段把 Louis Gerteis 的观点置入大的理论框架：Growth of a Dissenting Minority interpretation, 然后讲述了历史学家对该理论框架的反驳理由。

最后一段则主要是作者的评论，认为是 Gerteis 为 Growth interpretation 赋予新的活力，主要理由是强调 Gerteis 和之前该观点阵营的区别。

本题考察文章大意，通过文章结构分析，可知 C 选项最准确。

2. 答案：D

解析：第二段中历史学家批评 Growth interpretation 会“homogenize thepolitical diversity of Northern reformers”，而第三段中的 Gerteis “does notreduce the Northern reformers to a homogeneous group or try to argue that the reformers shared views undermined their differing party loyalties”因此 Gerteis formulation of the Growth interpretation 可能会比传统的解释更为可信。所以选 D。

第二段有说 “In making this argument, Gerteis offers the most persuasive formulation to date of the Growth of a Dissenting Minority interpretation,” 这里 `persuasive` 就是 D中的`convincing`.

3. 答案：C

解析：由第二段中的“this interpretive framework, which once dominated antislavery historiography”可知这一理论原本非常有影响力；第三段中“Gerteis revives the Growth interpretation”可知它被赋予新的解释，所以选 C。

4. 答案：E

解析：本题是选择最不能支持 Gerteis 理论的情况，重点找和原文陈述矛盾的选项。定位到原文第三段：Nevertheless,Gerteis argues, these disparate party affiliations did not diminish theactuality of reformer unity, most prominent in the 1830s. …… Gerteis differsfrom traditional adherents of the Growth framework by asserting that the basic elements in the antislavery coalition were firmly in place and accepted by all elements in the Northern reform community as early as the late 1830s. 可知 E 选项和原文矛盾。

5. 【新增题目】答案：A

解析：信息目的题注意到 emerging scholarship 是出现在文中第二段的位置，作为 the second reason 来 discounted this interpretive framework，本题选 A。

passage 24

1. 答案：D

解析：文章首段从 E.H Carr 的论文引入历史学界的一个关键问题：历史事件是否存在原因的主次顺序。马克思主义者认为存在，坚持经济因素是所有事件的首要原因。经典的韦伯社会学派认为特定事件有特定原因，但仍认为存在主因。作者引用韦伯本人反驳了主因说。

    第二段介绍Runciman 的与作者立场殊途同归的研究思路：很难区分事件主因和背景条件，从而很难确定事件主因。

    该题问文章主要目的，从文章结构分析，可知选项D最准确，文章主要是对传统观念提出了挑战。

2. 答案：B

解析：抓住关键点“most historians share the assumption”，定位到原文开头“Historian E.H Carr’s thesis that all debates concerning the explanation of historical phenomena revolve around the question of the priority of causes is so familiar to historians as to constitute orthodoxy within their profession……可知选 B。

3. 答案：E

解析：由关键词“indispensable cause”定位到首段：If any historical event is the product of a number of factors, then each of these factor is indispensable to the occurrence of the event. But howcan one cause be more indispensable than another? And if it cannot, how canthere be a hierarchy of indispensable causes?由首段结构关系可知 E 选项最准确。

4. 答案：A

解析：本问考查文章结构。由文章结构分析可知 A 选项最准确。

passage 25

1. 答案：E

解析：本文是典型的人物成就介绍加评论。

首段上来说，现代女权主义给予 MW 她本人值得的评价。尽管一度被人低估，MW 关于性别道德的立场现在仍有价值。二段详细介绍 MW 的性别道德立场：男女应该真正平等，反对当时流行的感伤主义文学的性别立场。三段从一个特定角度展开 MW 的思想：对 Edmund Burke 的评论。作者认为，Edmund Burke 把传统上对女性的态度应用到贵族，MW 正确地反对了该做法。

    本题问高亮句作用，高亮句子为三段“A defender of Burke called Wollstonecraft’s book an incoherent mass of treacherous candour, interested generosity, and, if not false, at least unnecessary accusation.”主要是Burke的支持者对MW的批评，所以选E。

2. 答案：A

解析：此问考察了 Burke 描述法国王后的句子的作用，定位到 3 段上下文“Burke’s rhapsodyon the queen of France (glittering like the morning star, full of life, andsplendor, and joy) was, for Wollstonecraft, an example of the argument that beauty and instinct must often prevail over reason, the argument on which Burketook his stand as a defender of the old order.”结合 3 段结构，该内容出现的位置是 MW 和 Edmund Burke 的支持者的分歧争论。可知 A 选项最准确，为 MW 争论的一个立场提供例证。

3. 答案：B

解析：问题针对作者对于 Virginia Woolf 对 A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman 的评论的看法。对应原文“Virginia Woolf wrote in 1925 of Wollstonecraft’s A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman that they felt like books so true that they seem now to contain nothing new in them, it was more a wishful than an accurate statement of the case.“可知 Virginia Woolf 非常赞赏这本书的观点，但是作者评论说 it was more a wishful thanan accurate，即作者并不认同 self-evident 的说法，所以选 B。

4. 答案：A

解析：问题考察现代女权主义对于 MW 作品的态度，定位原文首段首句“Modern feminism has brought the reputation of the English writer Mary Wollstonecraft (1759-1797) to something approaching the luster it deserves. 首段后文说，…beginning in the nineteenth century her fame as a writer was hiddenby disproportionate attention to her unconventional and, at the time, shockingpersonal life.”即现代女权主义者高度认可 MW，区分开之前对 MW 私人生活的负面评价。所以 A 最准确。

passage 26

答案：E

解析：高亮句句子功能题

理清文章结构思路：文章开头介绍传统实践（首句高亮句），需要闭合愈合的伤口通常需要缝针。However 转折后说，降低医疗费用的压力不断增大，Consequently 句是作者的核心结论，也就是针对新实践的预测：一种帮助伤口愈合的黏合剂会成为新的常规实践。也就是说，虽然这个题划线句子是第一句，但是 prediction 却是 consequently 后面那句话。文章后文（包括第 2 句高亮句）是对于核心结论（预测）的论述：由于黏合剂价格不比缝针贵，也不需要拆线，所以对于粘合剂也可以闭合的伤口，还是使用黏合剂更合算。由文章结构思路分析，可知 E 选项最准确。D 选项后半部分错误地判断了文章的主要结论。

passage 27

1. 答案：C

解析：首段切入主题：新研究质疑旧观点。旧观点是：冰川间期是一贯地温暖的。

二段展开新研究情况：GRIP, GISP2, 两个通过研究格陵兰深层冰川了解当时气候的项目。三段详细介绍 GRIP 研究的机制。气候温暖，积雪中 O-18 多于 O-16。气候寒冷，风更强，更多 dust and calcium ions. 四段，尽管两个项目有矛盾之处，GRIP 被认为更可靠。

该题问文章主旨。从文章结构分析可确定选 C

2. 答案：E

解析：通过三段对 GRIP 项目的机制描述，可知其主要特征为：通过对现在能发现的古代冰层中的物质构成分析推知当时的气候状况。E 选项最相似：通过现在能发现的证据推知早期情况，所以选 E。

3. 答案：D

解析：注意关键点“prior to the GRIPfindings”可以定位到原文的第一段“Based on evidence from tree rings, pollen samples and other records,scientists have for a long time assumed that interglacials—warm interludes between ice ages—were as mild and uniform as the Holocene, the present interglacial, has been for all of its 8,000 to 10,000 years. ”和第三段“Findings from the upper sections of the cores have confirmed what scientists already knew climate during the last ice age fluctuated rapidly.”从而选 D。

4. 答案：C

解析：根据关键词 oxygen-16 andoxygen-18 定位到原文“When the air was warm, vapor containing the heavier isotope, oxygen-18,condensed and formed precipitation, in the form of snow, more readily than didvapor containing oxygen-16. Thus, snow that fell during warmer periods contains proportionally more oxygen-18 than snow deposited during cold spells. ”可知 oxygen-16 andoxygen-18 含量会随冷暖波动，热，O-18 多，冷，O-16 多。又知：Data from GRIPseem to indicate that the Eemian climate swung at least as wildly as theclimate of ice age periods. 气候冷热有波动。选 C。

passage 28

1. 答案：A

解析：文章首先之处早期寿险公司面临的问题，之后介绍解决该问题的方法：选取了解当地情况且德高望重人士担任经纪人。末句总结纠正误解：经纪制度的首要功能不是拉客，而是复制“熟人社会心态”。通过全文结构分析可知 A 最准确。

B 错，因为文章没有说到效果的问题；

C 错，因为文章根本就不是说 introduce 这个事情；

D 错，因为文章并没有研究 over time 的改变，只说了最早形成的原因；

E 错，因为文章没有对比城市和乡镇。

2. 答案：D

解析：根据关键词 city neighborhoods 定位到原文末句:…but, rather, to recreate the glass-bowl mentality associated with smalltowns or city neighborhoods. 可知选 D。

passage 29

1. 答案：D

解析：文章先介绍了传统的关于 Younger Dryas 成因的理论解释：the release of waterfrom glacial Lake Agassiz 导致全球气温变低。However 转折后，作者阐述了新发现对于这一结论的挑战，

    该题根据关键词“the release of waterfrom glacial Lake Agassiz”定位到原文“For years, the leading theory for what caused the Younger Dryas was a release of water from Glacial Lake Agassiz……However, evidence has emerged that the Younger Dryas began long before fresh water flooded the North Atlantic.”可知选D

2. 答案：A

解析：问题考察文章大意，根据文章结构可知应该选 A。

passage 30

1. 答案：B

解析：文章首段首先介绍研究者认为火星从来没有湿热期的观点及理由：火星大部分表面是由未风化材料组成的。黑体句是研究者用来支持自己观点的假设推理。文章二段是作者的质疑：科学家看得不仔细，新证据表明火星表面是有风化材料的。

       该题问科学家们通过什么发现了火星表面的weathered material。回到原文“New high-resolution mapping data and close-up surface studies haverevealed clays and other hydrated minerals in many regions”可知选B。A选项不如B准确，文章二段提到 craters, 但数据研究针对 manyregions, 不仅仅volcanic craters。

2. 答案：B

解析：高亮的句子是“If water flowed foran extended period, researchers reasoned, it should have altered and weathered the volcanic minerals, creating clays or other oxidized, hydrated phases (minerals that incorporate water molecules in their crystal structure) ”科学家推测如果水流经过，会形成泥土或其他水相关物质。A 说揭示了为什么火星上找水很困难，显然不符合；B 说成功的指出了水流经火星表面的结果，正确；C 说这是基于水和火山矿物质相互反应的错误的假设，文中没有提到。所以选 B。

