---
created: 2023-08-11 23:53:17
updated: 2023-08-17 00:12:24
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P11-20
---

# passage 11
Before feminist literary criticism emerged in the 1970s, the nineteenth-century United States writer Fanny Fern was regarded by most critics (when considered at all) as a prototype of weepy sentimentalism—a [[pious]], [[insipid]] icon of conventional American culture. Feminist **reclamations** of Fern, by contrast, emphasize her non-sentimental qualities, particularly her sharply humorous social criticism. Most feminist scholars find it difficult to reconcile Fern’s sardonic social critiques with her effusive celebrations of many conventional values. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Attempting to resolve this contradiction, Harris concludes that Fern employed flowery rhetoric strategically to disguise her subversive goals beneath apparent conventionality.</mark> However, Tompkins proposes an alternative view of sentimentality itself, suggesting that sentimental writing could serve radical, rather than only conservative ends by swaying readers emotionally, moving them to embrace social change. 

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The passage suggests which of the following about the contradiction mentioned in the highlighted sentence?

A.	It was not generally addressed by critics before the 1970s.
B.	It is apparent in only a small number of Ferns writings.
C.	It has troubled many feminist critics who study Fern.

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that Tompkins would be most likely to agree with which of the following about the critics mentioned in the passage?
A.	They accurately characterize the overall result Fern is aiming to achieve.
B.	They are not as [[dismissive]] of Fern as some feminist critics have suggested.
C.	They exaggerate the extent to which Fern intended her writing to serve a social purpose.
D.	They wrongly assume that sentimental must be a [[pejorative]] term.
E.	They fail to recognize the role that sentimental rhetoric plays to reader’s emotions.

3.	It can be inferred that the author of the passage mentions Fern’s “sharply humorous social criticism” primarily in order to
A.	contrast Fern’s apparent intentions with the impression her writing made on Harris
B.	suggest that many feminist critics have attributed to Fern intentions that she may not have had
C.	identify an aspect of Fern’s writing that strikes some scholars as incompatible with other attributes of her writing
D.	help account for the effect Fern's writing had on critics of her own time
E.	identify the aspects of Fern's writing for which she was primarily known prior to the 1970s

4.	In the context in which it appears, “reclamations” most nearly means
A.	reformations
B.	rehabilitations
C.	recapitulations
D.	retractions
E.	reiterations

# passage 12
A plant-based automobile fuel has just become available in Ternland. A car can be driven as far on a gallon of the new plant-based fuel as a car can be driven on a gallon of gasoline, but a gallon of the plant-based fuel both costs less and results in less pollution. Therefore, drivers in Ternland who switch to it will reduce the amount they spend on fuel in a year while causing less environmental damage.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?

A.	There is no expense associated with operating an automobile that is higher when the automobile uses the plant-based fuel than when it uses gasoline.
B.	Automobiles that have been operated using the plant-based fuel can no longer be operated using regular gasoline.
C.	The environmental damage attributable to automobiles is due almost entirely to the production and combustion of fuel automobiles use.
D.	The advantages of the plant-based fuel over gasoline will not lead those who switch to the plant-based fuel to do more driving.
E.	Most drivers in Ternland will switch from gasoline to the plant-based fuel.

# passage 13
Biologists have long debated about whether egg production in birds is biologically highly costly, some theorizing that egg production is energetically or nutritionally demanding. Lack, however, suggested that clutch size—the number of eggs a bird lays per breeding cycle—is far below the potential limit of egg production. He suggested that clutch size had instead evolved in relation to the number of young that the parents could successfully rear. Subsequently, most studies focused on limitations operating during chick rearing, particularly among altricial species (species in which the parents feed their young in the nest). Lack later recognized that in precocial species (species in which young feed themselves), clutch size might be explained by different factors—the availability of food for egg-laying females, for example.
1.	The passage suggests that biologists who say egg production in birds is biologically highly costly would agree that clutch size is determined primarily by

A.	the nutritional and energy demands of egg production
B.	the number of young that the parents can rear successfully
C.	reproductive limitations operating during chick rearing
D.	the availability of food for newly hatched chicks
E.	the differences between altricial and precocial species Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	The passage suggests that Lack would agree with which of the following statements about factors affecting clutch size in birds?
A.	In altricial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid.
B.	In precocial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid.
C.	In many bird species, clutch size generally remains well below the potential limit of egg production.

# passage 14
Carla L. Peterson’s Doers of the Word (1997), a study of African American women speakers and writers from 1830-1880, is an important addition to scholarship on nineteenth-century African American women. Its scope resembles that of Frances Smith Foster’s 1993 study, but its approach is quite different. For Foster, the Black women who came to literary voice in nineteenth-century America were claiming their rights as United States citizens, denying that anything should disqualify them from full membership in an enlightened national polity. Peterson sees these same women as having been fundamentally estranged from the nation by a dominant culture unsympathetic to Black women, and by a Black intelligentsia whose male view of race concerns left little room for Black female intellect.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The passage indicates that Peterson identifies which of the following as obstacles faced by the women included in her study?
A.	the attitudes of Black male intellectuals toward female intellectual work
B.	the discriminatory attitudes faced by Black women in nineteenth-century America as a whole
C.	disagreements among Black women speakers and writers themselves about the impact of the Black intelligentsia

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>	It can be inferred that Peterson’s study and Fosters study are similar with respect to which of the following?
A.	the writers that each takes up for examination
B.	the degree to which each has influenced other scholars
C.	the assumptions that each brings to nineteenth-century African American literature
D.	their analysis of the nineteenth-century Black intelligentsia
E.	their interpretation of nineteenth-century Americas dominant culture

# passage 15
David Belasco’s 1912 Broadway production of The Governors Lady created a [[sensation]] with a scene set in a Childs cafeteria, a chain restaurant that was an innovator in food standardization and emblematic of modern everyday life. While Belasco’s [[meticulous]]ly detailed reproduction of an immediately recognizable setting impressed the public, it was derided by progressive theater critics who championed the New Stagecraft theories of European artists like Max Reinhardt. The New Stagecraft rejected theatrical literalism; it drew inspiration from the subjectivity and minimalism of modern painters, advocating simplified sets designed to express a dramatic texts central ideas. Such critics considered Belasco a craftsman who merely captured surface realities: a true artist eliminated the inessential to create more meaningful, expressive stage images.

1.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about Belasco’s production of The Governors Lady?
A.	It was dismissed by certain theater critics who misunderstood Belasco’s conception of modernity.
B.	It was intended to marshal elements of the New Stagecraft to serve Belasco’s predilection for realistic staging.
C.	It demonstrated that theatrical literalism could be used effectively to express a dramatic texts central ideas.
D.	It elicited responses that reflected a discrepancy between popular tastes in entertainment and the tastes of progressive theater critics.
E.	It relied on the appeal of an impressively realistic stage set to compensate for weaknesses in other aspects of the production.

2.	It can be inferred that the theater critics would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the theatrical productions?
A.	Theatrical productions that seek to eliminate the inessential also often eliminate theatrical elements that enhance the expressiveness of a play.
B.	Theatrical productions that faithfully recreate the visual details of everyday life are unlikely to do justice to a good play’s central ideas.
C.	Theatrical productions that employ the minimalism characteristic of modern paintings may have greater appeal to modern audiences than productions that rely on theatrical literalism.
D.	Theatrical productions that aim to represent truths about modern life should not attempt to employ elements of the New Stagecraft.
E.	Theatrical productions that attempt to produce authentic-looking scenes of everyday reality are likely to fail in that goal because of the theaters inherent limitations.

# passage 16
Currently, Sulandian television journalists are twice as likely as other workers to support the Blue Party, and Sulandian journalism students are significantly more likely to support the Blue Party than working television journalists are. Therefore, assuming that these students do not change their political affiliations as they get older, the disparity between the political affiliations of Sulandia’s television journalists and those of the rest of the working population will increase as current Sulandian journalism students enter the profession.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?

A.	Few of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia were trained in Sulandian journalism schools.
B.	Journalists in Sulandia whose political affiliations differ from those of the general population tend to allow their political views to affect the way they report news about politics.
C.	Most of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia who support the Blue Party also supported the Blue Party when they were students.
D.	Support for the Blue party is not significantly less common among those current Sulaidan journalism students who intend to become television journalists than it is among current Sulandian journalism students as a whole.
E.	Classes in Sulandian journalism schools are not taught mainly by working Sulandian journalists.

# passage 17
Early naturalists believed two species of beaver lived in North America: dam beavers and bank beavers. The bank species was thought to resemble the muskrat in behavior, living in burrows or lodges and unable to build dams. In fact, dams are primarily a strategy for dealing with annual variations in water levels. If water levels fall in summer, as they do in most of North America, then beavers lodge entrances may be exposed. With stabilized water levels, their homes are much safer. Along deep rivers, where bank beavers are found, this problem seldom arises. But these beavers do know how to build dams, and do so if the need arises, as may occur if they are forced to relocate after felling and consuming all nearby trees.

1.	The passage provides support for which of the following statements about beaver dams?

A.	One important function of these dams is to protect beavers homes.
B.	Most are built prior to burrow construction.
C.	They are found mostly along deep rivers.
D.	They are routinely abandoned as nearby forests are depleted.
E.	They mainly protect beavers from rising water levels.

2.	The passage implies which of the following about beavers?
A.	Bank beavers are unable to successfully compete with dam beavers when resources become scarce.
B.	Differences in dam-building behavior among beavers do not necessarily imply multiple beaver species.
C.	Building dams eventually causes beavers to deplete nearby resources.
D.	When conditions permit, beavers are more likely to build dams than burrows or lodges.
E.	In beavers, dam-building is an acquired rather than an innate skill.

3.	The passage provides support for which of the following statements about beaver dams?
A.	One important function of these dams is to protect beavers’ homes.
B.	They are less likely to be found along deep rivers.

C.	They are routinely abandoned before nearby forests are depleted.

4.	It can be inferred from the passage that early naturalists considered which of the following criteria when classifying beavers?
A.	The genetic similarity of beavers and muskrats
B.	The propensity of beavers to relocate
C.	The depth of water beavers occupied
D.	Beavers’ dam-building capabilities
E.	Beavers’ degree of exposure to danger
 
# passage 18
Massive projectiles striking much larger bodies create various kinds of craters, including multi-ring basins–the largest geologic features observed on planets and moons. In such collisions, the impactor is completely destroyed and its material is incorporated into the larger body. Collison’s between bodies of comparable size, on the other hand, have very different consequences: one or both bodies might be entirely smashed, with mass from one or both the bodies redistributed among new objects formed from the fragments. Such a titanic collision between Earth and a Mars-size impactor may have given rise to Earth’s Moon.

The Earth-Moon system has always been perplexing. Earth is the only one of the inner planets with a large satellite, the orbit of which is neither in the equatorial plane of Earth nor in the plane in which the other planets lie. The Moon’s mean density is much lower than that of Earth but is about the same as that of Earth’s mantle. This similarity in density has long prompted speculation that the Moon split away from a rapidly rotating Earth, but this idea founders on two observations. In order to spin off the Moon, Earth would have had to rotate so fast that a day would have lasted less than three hours. Science offers no plausible explanation of how it could have slowed to its current rotational rate from that speed. Moreover, the Moon’s composition, though similar to that of Earth’s mantle, is not a precise match. Theorizing a titanic collision eliminates postulating a too-rapidly spinning Earth and accounts for the Moon’s peculiar composition. In a titanic collision model, the bulk of the Moon would have formed from a combination of material from the impactor and Earth’s mantle. Most of the earthly component would have been in the form of melted or vaporized matter. The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space, might account for the observed absence in lunar rocks of certain readily vaporized compounds and elements.

Unusual features of some other planets might also be explained by such impacts. Mercury is known to have a high density in comparison with other rocky planets. A titanic impact could have stripped away a portion of its rocky mantle, leaving behind a metallic core whose density is out of proportion with the original ratio of rock to metal. A massive, glancing blow to Venus might have given it its anomalously slow spin and reversed direction of rotation. Such conjectures are tempting, but, since no early planet was immune to titanic impacts, they could be used indiscriminately to explain away in a cavalier fashion every unusual planetary characteristic; still, we may now be beginning to discern the true role of titanic impacts in planetary history.

1.	According to the passage, which of the following is true of the collisions mentioned in the highlighted sentence?
A.	They occur less frequently than do titanic collisions.
B.	They occur between bodies of comparable size.
C.	They occur primarily between planet-sized bodies.
D.	They result in the complete destruction of the impacting body.
E.	They result in mass being redistributed among newly formed objects.

2.	The author of the passage asserts which of the following about titanic collision models?
A.	Such models are conclusive with respect to certain anomalies within the solar system, but leave numerous other anomalies unexplained.
B.	Such models are more likely than are earlier models to account for the formation of multi- ring basins.
C.	Such models may be particularly useful in explaining what happens when the impacting bodies involved are of highly dissimilar mean densities.
D.	Such models have been tested to such a degree that they are quickly reaching the point where they can be considered definitive.
E.	Such models are so tempting that they run the risk of being used indiscriminately to explain unusual planetary features.

3.	The passage suggests that which of the following is true of the cited compounds and elements?
A.	They were created by reactions that took place during a titanic collision.
B.	They were supplied by an impactor that collided with Earth.
C.	They were once present on the Moon but were subsequently vaporized.
D.	They are rarely found on planet-size bodies in our solar system.
E.	They are present on Earth but not on the Moon.

4.	In the second paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with
A.	arguing in favor of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
B.	summarizing conventional theories about the formation of the earth-Moon system.
C.	anticipating and responding to criticisms of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
D.	explaining why the Earth-Moon system is considered scientifically perplexing.
E.	questioning an assumption underlying one theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
 
# passage 19
The history of the transmission of ancient Roman texts prior to invention of the printing press is reconstructed from evidence both internal and external to the texts themselves. Internal evidence is used to reconstruct the relationship of the surviving manuscripts of a Roman text to one another, as represented in a modern *stemma* codicum: a diagram depicting the genealogical relationship of surviving manuscripts and those the stemmas editor believes existed at one time. *Stemma* are scholar’s only road maps to textual connections based on internal evidence, but they may paint a distorted picture of reality because they diagram the relationships of only those manuscripts known or inferred today. If surviving copies are few, the stemma perforce brings into proximity manuscripts that were widely separated in time and place of origin. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">Conversely, the stemma can also bestow a semblance of separation on manuscripts written within a few months of one another or even in the same room.</mark>

One type of external evidence that may shed light on the transmission of Roman texts is the availability of a work in the Middle Ages, when many classical texts were circulated. Too often, though, too much is inferred about a particular works circulation in the Middle Ages from the number of manuscripts surviving today. When a work survives in a single manuscript copy, editors call the manuscript, rather glamorously, the lone survivor–implying that all its (presumably rare) companions were destroyed sometime early in the Middle Ages by pillaging barbarians. It is equally possible that the work survived far into the Middle Ages in numerous copies in monastic libraries but were unnoticed due to lack of interest. The number of extant manuscripts, however few, really does not allow scholars to infer how many ancient Latin manuscripts of a work survived to the ninth, the twelfth, or even the fifteenth century.

Quotations from a Roman text by a medieval author are another category of external evidence: but does the appearance of a rare word or grammatical construction—or even a short passage
—really indicate a medieval author’s firsthand knowledge of this or that ancient work, or does such usage instead derive from some intermediate source, such as a grammar book or a popular style manual? Medieval authors do quote extensively from ancient authors; while such quotations provide some evidence of the works medieval circulation, as well as define its evolving fortunes and the various uses to which it was put, they may be far less useful in reconstructing the text of an ancient work.

Much as scholars want to look for overall patterns and formulate useful generalizations, the transmission of each text is a different story and each manuscripts history is unique. Scholars must be careful not to draw conclusions that go beyond what the evidence can support.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with which of the following?

A.	tracing certain changes in the methods used to study the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
B.	contrasting two types of evidence used in investigating the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
C.	outlining certain difficulties associated with studying the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
D.	advocating the use of one type of evidence about ancient Roman texts over the use of another type.
E.	explaining the development and potential uses and drawbacks of stemma in the study of ancient Roman texts.

2.	As described in the passage, a stemma is most closely analogous to which of the following?
A.	a department store inventory list that excludes some departments
B.	a map from which a large section has been torn off
C.	a chronology that includes only major historical events
D.	a family tree in which some generations are not recorded
E.	a government organizational chart from which some agencies are omitted

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.	In its discussion of external evidence, the passage suggests which of the following about manuscripts of ancient Roman texts during the Middle Ages?
A.	It is possible that fewer manuscripts were destroyed by barbarians in the early Middle Ages than scholars frequently suppose.
B.	Additional copies of some so-called lone survivor manuscripts may have existed well into the Middle Ages.
C.	If an ancient Roman text is quoted in a work by a medieval author, then it is likely that at least one manuscript copy of that text survived into the Middle Ages.

4.	Click on the sentence in the first paragraph that suggests that scholars might be led to underestimate the extent of the connection between certain manuscripts.
 
# passage 20
In 1995 the Galileo spacecraft captured data about Jupiters atmosphere—namely, the absence of most of the predicted atmospheric water—that challenged prevailing theories about Jupiters structure. The unexpectedness of this finding fits a larger pattern in which theories about planetary composition and dynamics have failed to predict the realities discovered through space exploration. Instead of normal planets whose composition could be predicted by theory, the planets populating our solar system are unique individuals whose chemical and tectonic identities were created through numerous contingent events. One implication of this is that although the universe undoubtedly holds other planetary systems, the duplication of the sequence that produced our solar system and the development of life on Earth is highly unlikely.

Recently planetary scientists have suggested that the external preconditions for the development of Earth’s biosphere probably included four paramount contingencies. First, a climate conducive to life on Earth depends upon the extraordinarily narrow orbital parameters that define a continuously habitable zone where water can exist in a liquid state. If Earths orbit were only 5 percent smaller than it is, temperatures during the early stages of Earths history would have been high enough to vaporize the oceans. If the Earth-Sun distance were as little as 1 percent larger, runaway glaciation on Earth about 2 billion years ago would have caused the oceans to freeze and remain frozen to this day. Second, Jupiter’s enormous mass prevents most Sun-bound comets from penetrating the inner solar system. It has been estimated that without this shield, Earth would have experienced bombardment by comet-sized impactors a thousand times more frequently than has actually been recorded during geological time. Even if Earth‘s surface were not actually sterilized by this bombardment, it is unlikely that any but the most primitive life-forms could have survived. This suggests that only planetary systems containing both terrestrial planets like Earth and gas giants like Jupiter might be capable of sustaining complex life-forms.

Third, the gravitational shield of the giant outer planets, while highly efficient, must occasionally fail to protect Earth. Paradoxically, while the temperatures required for liquid water exist only in the inner solar system, the key building blocks of life, including water itself, occur primarily beyond the asteroid belt. Thus the evolution of life has depended on a frequency of cometary impacts sufficient to convey water, as well as carbon and nitrogen, from these distant regions of the solar system to Earth while stopping short of an impact magnitude that would destroy the atmosphere and oceans.

Finally, Earth’s unique and massive satellite, the Moon, plays a crucial role in stabilizing the obliquity of Earth’s rotational axis, this obliquity creates the terrestrial seasonality so important to the evolution and diversity of life. Mars, in contrast, has a wildly oscillating tilt and chaotic seasonality, while Venus, rotating slowly backward, has virtually no seasonality at all.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with

A.	enumerating conditions that may have been necessary for a particular development
B.	outlining the conditions under which scientists may be able to predict certain events
C.	explaining how a particular finding affected scientists understanding of a phenomenon
D.	suggesting reasons why a particular outcome was more likely to occur than other possible outcomes
E.	assessing the relative significance of factors that contributed to a particular occurrence

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the planetary scientists would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements concerning the development of complex life forms on Earth?
A.	It might have occurred earlier in Earths history if cometary impacts had been less frequent than they were.
B.	It could have occurred if Earths orbit were 1 percent larger than it is but not if Earths orbit were 5 percent smaller
C.	It probably follows a pattern common on other terrestrial planets that occupy planetary systems containing gas giants.
D.	Its dependence on the effect that Jupiters gravitational shield has on Earth was difficult to recognize prior to 1995.
E.	It has been contingent on conditions elsewhere in Earths solar system as well as on conditions on Earth itself.

3.	The author of the passage most likely mentions Mars oscillating tilt primarily in order to
A.	provide evidence for a proposition about the potential effects of cometary impacts
B.	emphasize the absence from our solar system of normal planets
C.	contrast the rotational axis of Mars with that of Venus
D.	characterize the role of other planets in the solar system in earths development
E.	emphasize the importance of the Moon to the development of life on Earth

4.	The passage suggests each of the following about water on Earth EXCEPT:
A.	It was conveyed to Earth by comets.
B.	It appeared on Earth earlier than did carbon and nitrogen.
C.	Its existence in a liquid state is contingent on Earths orbital parameters.
D.	Much of it came from a part of the solar system where water cannot exist in a liquid state.
E.	It is unlikely that there would be much of it available to support life if the gravitational shield of the outer planets did not limit the frequency with which comets strike Earth.

---

# 答案

passage 11

文章大意翻译：

①在 20 世纪 70 年代的女权主义文学批评出现之前，19 世纪的美国作家 Fanny Fern 被大多数评论家 -- 如果把他们看作一个整体的话 -- 视为悲情主义的原型，这是美国传统文化中一个虔诚平淡的象征。②相比之下，女性主义对 Fern 的看法产生了变化，强调了她的非实体性，特别是她尖锐幽默的社会批评。③大多数女权主义者学者发现很难将 Fern 讽刺性的社会批判与她对许多传统价值观的热烈庆祝统合起来。④为了解决这一矛盾，Harris 总结说，Fern 策略性地运用华丽的辞藻来将她的颠覆性的目标隐藏在表面上的传统之下。⑤然而，Tompkins 提出了另一种对感伤本身的看法，认为感伤写作可以达到激进的、而不仅仅是保守的目的，它在情感上左右读者，并使他们接受社会变革

1. 答案：AC

解析：【】文章首先说 1970 年代女权主义文学批评出现前对 FF 评价：当作维护传统价值情感主义代表。女权主义兴起后，强调 FF 非情感因素，尖锐社会批评。新问题出现：如何协调社会批评和传统价值的矛盾。H 尝试解决：用感情修辞掩饰激进变革目标。T 提出针对感情主义自身的替代解释：可以通过左右读者情感方式服务激进变革目标。

该题问这对高亮句中矛盾的正确表述。A 选项可以通过首句得知。C 选项可从 3 句 Most feminist scholars find 得知。

2. 答案：D

解析：该题问 T 最会支持的针对文章中评论者的表述。T 的观点立场体现在最后一句：T 提出针对感情主义自身的替代解释：可以通过左右读者情感方式服务激进变革目标。DE 选项之中。D 选项更好。之前评论者有 insipid 的明显负评价。原文末句 T 的观点，等于承认之前评论者至少认识到感情主义可以服务于保守主义目标，不能等同于 E 选项，完全意识不到情感主义的作用。

3. 【新增题目】答案：C

解析：信息目的题。文中提到 humorous social criticism 就是想和之前评论家的观点形成对比，从而引发出下文所说的 contradiction，本题选 C。

4. 【新增题目】答案：B

解析：词汇题。本题容易根据字面意思，误选 E 选项。reclamation 在此处体现出 critics 和 feminist scholars 二者态度的不同，critics 先给出一个负评价，而 feminist 给出正向评价，故而 B 选项更符合态度的变化。

passage 12

文章大意翻译：

①一种植物型汽车燃料刚刚在 Ternland 面市。②汽车消耗一加仑新植物型燃料的行驶里程与一加仑汽油一样远，但是一加仑植物型燃料不仅成本更低而且污染也更少。③因此，在 Ternland 改用这种植物型燃料的驾驶员不仅可以减少一年的燃料开销还能减少对环境的危害。

答案：D

解析：题目要求找论证基于的假设。文章理由是：新型植物汽车燃料比传统汽油更高效，环境污染更少，价格也更便宜。结论是：司机转用新型植物汽油的话，能降低每年燃油花费，还能减少环境破坏。注意文章理由到结论的概念跳跃：理由讨论的是单位（例如每升）问题，结论是消耗／排放总量问题。作者忽略了另外的重要变量：驾驶里程的总量问题。D 选项指出该被忽略变量不应有不利变化，是文章推理基于的假设。

passage 13

文章大意翻译：

①生物学家长期以来一直在争论鸟类产蛋是否在生物学上是成本很高的，有人认为产蛋在能量上或营养上都是需求很高的。②然而，Lack 认为，每批次鸟蛋的数量（每一个繁殖周期中，鸟类产卵量）远远低于产蛋量的潜在极限。③他认为，每批次鸟蛋的数量多少与父母能够成功抚养的幼崽数量有关。④随后，大多数研究集中在育雏过程中的操作限制上，特别是在晚成型鸟类（父母在巢中喂养幼鸟的物种）中。⑤Lack 后来认识到，在早熟型鸟类（幼鸟自己寻找食物的物种）中，产蛋量可能由不同的因素解释，例如产蛋雌性的食物供应能力。

1. 答案：A
解析：文章首句介绍老观点：鸟产卵是受制于能量和营养消耗的。2 句之后，Lack 提出不同观点：产蛋规模受制于父母成功饲养的能力。后续研究发现，自己觅食的种类（P）产蛋规模受制于其他因素。潜在意思是说，父母饲养的种类（A），成功饲养的能力有可能是重要的，但老观点也是有其道理的。该题问的是首句生物学家的观点，定位可知 A 选项。

2. 答案：AC

解析：【】该题问 L 关于产卵规模的观点，选项定位可知 A 和 C。

A 选项定位到：Hesuggested that clutch size had instead evolved in relation to the number ofyoung that the parents could successfully rear. Subsequently, most studiesfocused on limitations operating during chick rearing, particularly amongaltricial species (species in which the parents feed their young in the nest).

C 选项定位到：Lack,however, suggested that clutch size—the number of eggs a bird lays perbreeding cycle—isfar below the potential limit of egg production.（文章末句发现并未否定该观点）。

passage 14

文章大意翻译：

①Carla L. Peterson 的《听道行道》(1997) 是关于 1830-1880 年间非洲裔美国女性演说家和作家的研究，是对十九世纪非裔美国女性研究的重要补充。②它的范围类似于 Frances Smith Foster1993 年的研究，但它的方法是完全不同的。③对 Foster 来说 19 世纪出现在文坛上的美国黑人妇女声称自己是美国公民，否认存在任何应该剥夺她们成为开明国家政体正式成员的资格的事情。④Peterson 认为，由于主流文化对非裔女性缺乏同情，以及非裔知识分子对种族问题的男性视角的观点给黑人女性知识分子留下了很小的空间，使这些女性从根本上与国家疏远了。

1. 答案：AB

解析：文章首句是作者对 Peterson 的作品价值的总体评论；第二句将其研究与另一位学者 Foster 相比较。三句之后主要强调 Peterson 和 Foster 的区别。

本题问的是 Peterson 认为女性面临的障碍有哪些，定位到“Petersonsees these same women as having been fundamentally estranged from the nation bya dominant culture unsympathetic to Black women, and by a Black intelligentsia whose male view of race concerns left little room for Black female intellect. ”一句，可知选 A 和 B 选项。【】

2.答案：A

解析：此题问的是 Peterson 和 Foster 研究的相似之处，定位到原文的“Its scope resembles that of Frances Smith Fosters 1993 study, but its approach isquite different.”一句，可知选 A。

passage 15

原文大意翻译：

①1912 年 DavidBelasco 制作的百老汇剧目曾轰动一时，演出场景设在一家儿童自助餐厅，这是一家连锁餐厅，曾是食品标准化的创新者也是现代日常生活的象征。②Belasco 精心复制的场景辨识度很高，给公众留下了深刻印象，但却遭到了进步剧评家的嘲笑，这些剧评家拥护 MaxReinhardt 这类欧洲艺术家的 New Stagecraft（新舞台艺术）理论。③新舞台艺术理论拒绝戏剧实在主义；它从现代画家的主观性和极简主义中汲取灵感，提倡旨在表达戏剧文本中心思想的简化布景。④这类批评家认为 Belasco 是只捕捉表面真实性的工匠：真正的艺术家会去除无关紧要的内容，只为创造更有意义更具表现力的舞台形象。

1. 答案：D

解析：文章的结构比较简单明了，先说 Belasco 的现实主义戏剧引起了公众轰动；转折后说进步戏剧评论家对其负评价，戏剧评论家拥护 New Stagecraft theories, 反对 theatrical literalism.

该题定位至原文“While Belasco’s meticulously detailed reproduction of an immediately recognizable setting impressed the public, it was derided by progressive theater critics ”一句可知答案选 D。

2. 答案：B

解析：问题中问的是戏剧评论家的看法，定位至原文“The New Stagecraft rejected theatrical literalism; it drew inspiration from the subjectivity and minimalism of modern painters, advocating simplified sets designed to express a dramatic texts central ideas. ……a trueartist eliminated the inessential to create more meaningful, expressive stage images. ”可知选 B 选项。

passage 16

文章大意翻译：

①目前，Sulandia 电视新闻工作者支持 Blue 党的可能性是其他工人的两倍，而 Sulandia 新闻专业的学生支持 Blue 党的可能性远高于在职的电视新闻工作者。②因此，假设这些学生随着年龄增长并不会改变他们的政治立场，那么随着目前 Sulandia 新闻专业的学生进入新闻行业，Sulandia 电视新闻工作者与其他工作人口之间的政治立场差距将会越来越大。

答案：D

解析：文章理由是：S 的电视新闻工作者是其他行业工人 B 政党支持率的两倍，S 的新闻专业学生对 B 政党的支持率比 S 的电视新闻工作者更高。

文章结论是：假设新闻专业不改变政党支持，随着新闻专业学生参加工作，当前的 S 的电视新闻工作者是其他行业工人 B 政党支持率之间的显著差异会进一步扩大。

考虑否定结论的可能情况：①S 新闻专业学生毕业不在本地工作，②S 新闻专业学生大部分不从事电视新闻工作，③参加电视新闻工作的 S 新闻专业学生大部分不支持 B 政党，而参加其他行业的 S 新闻专业学生大部分支持 B 政党。等等。D 选项正确。取非 D 选项：希望参加电视新闻工作的 S 新闻专业学生比 S 新闻专业学生作为整体有显著更低的 B 政党支持率。如果这样的话，则破坏结论：差异不会进一步扩大，甚至缩小。

passage 17

文章大意翻译：

①早期的博物学家认为有两种海狸生活在北美地区：筑堤海狸和岸边海狸。②普遍认为，岸边海狸的行为与麝鼠很相似，生活在洞穴或巢穴中，无法建造水坝。③事实上，水坝主要是一种应对水位年度变化的策略。④如果像北美大部分地区那样，夏季水位下降，那么海狸的临时驻扎地的入口可能会暴露出来。⑤由于水位稳定，它们的家就安全得多。在发现河狸的深河沿岸，这个问题很少出现。⑥但这些海狸确实知道如何建造水坝，如果有需要，它们也会这样做。⑦如果它们在消耗完了附近的所有树木之后被迫迁移的话，可能会发生这种情况。

1. 答案：A

解析：文章首先介绍早期自然主义者的观点：北美有两种 beaver, dam beavers, bankbeavers, bank beavers 不会筑坝。In fact 之后，作者指出，bank beaver 不需要筑坝，它们会筑坝，必要的时候才筑坝。【】

该题定位至原文“In fact, damsare primarily a strategy for dealing with annual variations in water levels. Ifwater levels fall in summer, as they do in most of North America, then beaverslodge entrances may be exposed. With stabilized water levels, their homes aremuch safer.”可知答案选 A。

2. 答案：B

解析：从文章结构分析可知，作者否定了用是否会筑坝作为 beaver 分类的依据，两种 beaver 都会筑坝，可以当作同一个物种。

3. 【新增题目】答案：AB

解析：本题考点与第一题有重合，选 AB。

4. 【新增题目】答案：D

解析：本题考点与第二题有重合，选 D。

passage 18

文章大意翻译：

第一段

①巨大的抛射物撞击更大的天体，形成了各种各样的陨石坑，包括多环盆地 -- 这是在行星和卫星上观测到的最大的地质特征。②在这种碰撞中，冲击器被完全摧毁，其材料被并入更大的物体中。③另一方面，大小相当的两个物体之间的碰撞有着截然不同的结果: 一个或两个物体可能被完全粉碎，其中一个或两个物体的质量在碎片形成的新物体之间重新分配。

第四句: 地球和火星大小的撞击器之间的这种巨大碰撞可能产生了月球。

第二段

①地月系统一直是个难题。②地球是唯一一颗拥有大卫星的内行星，其轨道既不在地球的赤道面上，也不在其他行星所在的平面上。③月球的平均密度比地球低得多，但与地幔的密度差不多。④这种密度上的相似性长期以来一直促使人们猜测月球是从一个快速旋转的地球上分离出来的，但这一想法与两次观测结果不符。⑤为了使月球脱离轨道，地球必须旋转得如此之快，以至于一天只能持续不到三个小时。⑥科学并没有提供合理的解释，说明它是如何从这个速度减慢到目前的转速的。⑦此外，月球的成分虽然与地球地幔的成分相似，但并不是精确匹配。⑧大冲撞理论消除了对地球旋转过快的假设，并解释了月球的特殊组成。⑨地球上大部分的物质都是以熔化或蒸发的形式存在的。⑩在地球轨道上重新浓缩这种蒸汽的困难，以及随后由于外层空间的真空而造成的损失，可能是在月球岩石中某些容易蒸发的化合物和元素不存在的原因。

第三段

①一些其他行星的不寻常特征也可能由这些撞击所解释。②众所周知，水星的密度比其他岩石行星高。③大冲撞可能会剥去一部分岩石地幔，留下一个金属核，其密度与岩石与金属的原始比例不一致。④对金星的一次巨大的斜击可能会使它异常缓慢地旋转并反转其旋转方向。⑤这样的推测很诱人，但是，由于早期的行星都无法免受大冲撞的影响，因此可以不加区别地用它们来草率地解释每一个不寻常的行星特征。不过，我们现在可能已经开始认识到大冲撞在行星史上的真正作用了。

1. 答案：D

解析：首段用对比（大小不般配的天体相撞／大小类似的天体相撞）方式，引入大碰撞对月亮起源的解释。

第二段详细介绍大碰撞说对月亮起源的解释：该理论能解释之前解释的诸多不足。

第三段作者把大碰撞说引申到其他行星，文章末尾表达了作者谨慎乐观的态度。

该题所问高亮句子是“Massive projectiles striking much larger bodies createvarious kinds of craters, including multi-ring basins–the largest geologic features observed on planets and moons”，下一句是“In such collisions, the impactor is completely destroyed and itsmaterial is incorporated into the larger body. ”由此可知选 D.

2. 答案：E

解析：该题问作者对 titannic collision 模型的观点，定位至原文“Such conjectures are tempting,but, since no early planet was immune to titanic impacts, they could be usedindiscriminately to explain away in a cavalier fashion every unusual planetarycharacteristic ”一句可知选 E。

3. 答案：E

解析：根据问题中的关键词 compounds and elements 可定位至原文“The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space, might account for the observed absence in lunar rocks of certain readily vaporized compounds and elements.”可知月球上现在已经没有某些 compounds and elements 了，而这是与地球相比较的结果而言，所以地球上是还有这些物质的，选 E。C 选项不准确，根据原文，这些元素从来没有在月亮存在过：The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space，含有这些元素的气体难于在月亮的旋转轨道凝固，直接流失到太空了。

4. 答案：A

解析：问题针对第二段的主旨。从文章结构分析可知，第二段是用 Titanic collision impacts 理论解释月亮起源，该理论能解释之前理论无法解释的一些特殊现象。所以选 A。

passage 19

文章大意翻译：

第 1 段

①古罗马文本在印刷机发明之前的传播历史已被文本内外的证据重构。②人内部证据被用于重建罗马文本中幸存手稿之间的关系，如现代词谱法典所述：一张描绘幸存手稿与词谱编辑认为曾经存在一时的手稿之间关系的图表。③词谱是学者基于内部证据研究文本联系的唯一路线图，但它们描绘的可能是失真的现实画面，因为他们仅仅用图表示了已知手稿或如今推断出的手稿之间的关系。④如果几乎没有幸存副本，则词谱必须展示时间和来源上相距甚远的邻近手稿。⑤相反，词谱还可以使数月内写就的手稿甚至在同一房间内书写的手稿之间在表面上相互分离。

第 2 段

①可以阐释罗马文本传播的一类外部证据是一部作品在流传着许多经典文本的中世纪的可获得性。②但是，太多时候基于如今幸存手稿的数量对中世纪某一作品传播情况做了太多推测。③当某件作品只有一份手稿幸存下来时，编辑就称这份手稿为孤独的幸存者 (非常迷人的称呼)，这意味着它的所有 (可能很少) 副本在中世纪初期就被前来掠夺的野蛮人摧毁了。④也可能这件作品在中世纪时仍有大量副本存于修道院的藏书阁，但由于缺乏兴趣而无人问津。⑤现存手稿的数量虽然很少，但学者们的确无法据此推断在第九世纪、第 + 二世纪，或甚至第十五世纪时仍有多少古代拉丁文手稿存世。

第 3 段

①中世纪作家引用的罗马文本是另一类外部证据但是出现一个稀奇词汇或语法结构或其至是一段简短的段落是否就真能说明中世纪作者掌握了这幅或那幅古代作品的第一手材料，还是说这类用法来自某些中间来源，例如语法书或流行风格手册？②中世纪作家的确引用了古代作家的大量作品。虽然这些引用为相关作品在中世纪的传播提供了一定证据并明确了该作品的演变命运及其各类用途，但这些引用在重建古代作品文本方面的用处可能远不及前者。

第 4 段

①虽然学者们迫切希望找到整体模式并进行有用的归纳概括，但每种文本的传承都是不同的故事，每份手稿的历史都是独一无二的。②学者们必须小心不要得出证据无法支持范围的结论。

1. 答案：C

解析：通读全文可知，文章以分类方式介绍探究印刷术产生之前罗马文献流传历史的方法。

首段首句引入主题，指出指出探究罗马文本流传情况的两种证据：内部证据和外部证据。接着介绍内部证据。作者对该类证据持偏负面态度，认为其 may paint a distorted picture.

二段介绍一种外部证据：中世纪的一个文本。作者认为该类证据也不能准确表明当时的真实情况。

三段介绍另一种外部证据：引用。作者对其也是偏负面态度：引用的未必是一手资料。

四段总结，警告过度概括的倾向。

该题问文章主旨。A 选项侧重于 changes，然而文章中并没有相应内容。D 说提倡某一种证据，但文中没有体现作者的偏好；E 选项是细节。BC 选项中，B 选项说“对比”了研究古罗马文献的证据，文章有分类，但对几种分类证据都是负面评价，“对比”不准确；C 选项说列举了研究古罗马文献流传过程中的困难，正确；所以选 C。

2. 答案：D

解析：根据关键词 stemma 定位至原文“Internal evidence is used to reconstruct the relationship of the surviving manuscripts of a Roman text to one another, as representedin a modern stemma codicum: a diagram depicting the genealogical relationship of surviving manuscripts and those the stemmas editor believes existed at onetime.”可知 stemma 是用来构建“代际关系”的，所以选 D。

3.答案：AB

解析：细节理解题，主要依靠原文对应，按照文章内容进行选择。定位到原文“It is equally possible that the work survived far into the MiddleAges in numerous copies in monastic libraries but were unnoticed due to lack ofinterest.”可知选 A、B.定位到“Quotations from a Roman text by a medieval author are another category of external evidence: but does the appearance of a rare word or grammatical construction—or even a short passage—really indicate a medieval author’s firsthand knowledge of this or that ancient work, or does such usage instead derive from some intermediate source, such as a grammar book or a popular style manual? ”可知不选 C。

4. 解析：由“underestimate”定位到“Conversely, the stemma can also bestow a semblance of separation on manuscripts written within a few months of one another or even in the same room.”

passage 20

文章大意翻译：

第 1 段

①1995 年，伽利略号航天器捕获了有关木星大气的数据表明木星上没有大多数人预计的大气水分，该数据对有关木星结构的流行理论提出了挑战。②这一发现的意外性符合一种更普遍的模式，即关于行星成分和动力学的各种理论未能预测通过太空探索发现的事实。③普通星球的成分可以通过理论进行预测，但我们太阳系中的星球都是独特的个体，其化学性质和地壳构造特性是由无数偶然事件形成的。④这意味着，虽然宇宙中肯定还有其他的行星系统，但是太阳系的产生和地球生命的演变顺序被复制的可能性极低。

第 2 段

①近期行星科学家认为，地球生物圈发展的外部前提可能包括四个极其重要的突发事件。②第一，有利于地球生命的气候取决于范围极其狭窄的轨道参数，这些参数决定了水能够以液态形式存在的可持续居住的区域。③如果地球轨道仅仅缩小百分之五，那么地球历史早期的高温将足以使海洋蒸发。④如果地球与太阳之间的距离仅仅延长百分之一，那么大约 20 亿年前地球上失控的冰川将使海洋冻结住，而且至今无法解除冰封。⑤第二，木星的巨大质量阻止了大多数受太阳束缚的彗星穿入内太阳系。⑥据估计，如果没有这种防护罩，那么彗星大小的撞击物撞击地球的频率将比地质时期实际记录的频率高一千倍。⑦即使这种撞击实际上并不会使地球表面成为不毛之地，但除了最原始的生命形式之外其他任何生命形式都不可能幸免于难。⑧这表明，只有既包含地球等类地行星又包含木星之类的气体巨星的行星系统才有可能维持复杂的生命形式。

第 3 段

①第三，巨大外行星的引力遮挡虽然效率很高，但有时候却必然无法保护地球。②矛盾的是，虽然液态水所需的温度仅存在于内太阳系中，但生命的关键组成部分，包括水本身，主要出现在小行星带之外。③因此，生命的进化取决于彗星撞击的频率，这种频率应足以将水、碳和氮从太阳系的遥远地区运送到地球，同时撞击强度又不足以破坏大气层和海洋。

第 4 段

①第四，地球独一无二的巨大卫星月球在稳定地球自转轴的倾角方面起着极其重要的作用，这种倾角产生了陆地上的四季更替，对于生命的进化和多样性至关重要。②相比之下，火星的倾角极不稳定且季节混乱，而金星则向后缓慢旋转并且几乎没有季节性。

答案：A

解析：文章首段首先介绍一个具体发现：1995 年发现木星大气缺乏之前预测的气态水，进而指出该发现的意义：复制地球生命的条件可能性很低。

二段、三段详细展开地球生命所需的 4 种偶然条件：①地球公转轨道不大不小。②木星的保护作用。③木星保护的偶尔失灵带来地球生命所需要的重要物质。④卫星月球的稳定作用。

该题关于文章主旨。通读全文可知本文主要介绍了地球生物圈形成的四个条件，由原文“Recently planetary scientists have suggested that the externalpreconditions for the development of Earth’s biosphereprobably included four paramount contingencies. ”可知选 A。

2. 答案：E

解析：本题根据 complex life forms on Earth 可以定位到第二段最后一句，可知，地球上生物存在的条件不仅要和地球自己的条件吻合，还得和太阳系中其他的条件吻合，故本题选 E。

3. 答案：E

解析：定位到原文“Finally,Earth’s unique and massive satellite, the Moon, plays a crucial role instabilizing the obliquity of Earth’s rotational axis, this obliquity createsthe terrestrial seasonality so important to the evolution and diversity oflife. Mars, in contrast, has a wildly oscillating tilt and chaotic seasonality,while Venus, rotating slowly backward, hasvirtually no seasonality at all. ”通过对比有卫星和没有卫星的不同情况，可知选 E。

4. 答案：B

解析：排除题。文中只有“Thus theevolution of life has depended on a frequency of cometary impacts sufficient toconvey water, as well as carbon and nitrogen”一句，并未提到水、碳、氮的先后顺序。（）

