---
created: 2023-08-03 19:04:44
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec11-15
---

- [[#section 11 easy|section 11 easy]]
- [[#section 12 easy|section 12 easy]]
- [[#section 13 easy|section 13 easy]]
- [[#section 14 easy|section 14 easy]]
- [[#section 15 easy|section 15 easy]]
  
------ 

## section 11 easy

1. The title of her final and unfinished film, Escape, was <u>______</u>: indeed while shooting it, she was preoccupied with thoughts of desertion.
A. [[quixotic]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[apt]]
C. misleading
D. inconsequential
E. uncharacteristic
2. This is neither praise nor criticism, neither a [[compliment]] nor <u>______</u>, just an observation.
A. an [[exposition]]
B. an [[elucidation]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. an [[animadversion]]
D. a [[culmination]]
E. a [[divination]]
3. The national bank has been uncommonly powerful in comparison to its counterparts in other nations. It retains this potency partly because its control of the nation’s banking system is (i)<u>______</u>governmental interference, and thus its actions remain largely (ii)<u>______</u>.
**A. unencumbered by**
D. compulsory
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[replete with]]
**E. discretionary**
C. hindered by
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. bureaucratic
4. Mr. Billington, at times, can be a (i)<u>______</u>. For instance, he [[deplores]] the Royal Shakespeare Company’s eight-and-a-half hour version of Nicholas Nickelby, which many found (ii)<u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. naysayer
D. perplexing
B. pushover
E. unpredictable
C. [[braggart]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. absorbing
5. At Cerro Portezuelo, the task of separating grinding tools from the larger collection of excavated stone objects was (i)<u>______</u> the ancient practice of recycling grinding tool fragments for building materials, hammer stones, and other purposes that (ii)<u>______</u> their original use.
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. complicated by**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. complemented
B. important to
**E. obscured**
C. independent from
F. underscored
6. To label Hamilton a foreigner because he was born outside what later became the United States is to assume anachronistically the existence of the nation before the fact. It is true that Hamilton came to believe that he was a (i)<u>______</u> the United States, but his (ii)<u>______</u> was [[stem]]med not from his (iii)<u>______</u> but from his confrontation with American democracy, which he considered to be a disease afflicting the nation.
A. symbol of
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. alienation
G. ideology
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. stranger in
E. ambition
H. profession
C. citizen of
F. patriotism
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">I</mark>. birthplace

第 27 页
7. Changes made to ecosystem in order to achieve a goal, such as food production or flood control, often <u>______</u> significant unforeseen trade-offs between other important products and service the ecosystems provide.
A. predict
B. delay
C. foretell
D. obscure
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. yield
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. engender
8. The union states its position [[polemic]]ally; its leader say they are fighting to save good jobs while <u>______</u> corporations replace full-time workers with part-time ones in order to cut down on both wages and benefits.
A. [[precarious]]
B. enterprising
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[rapacious]]
D. troubled
E. influential
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. avaricious
9. When the atmosphere over the city is at its best, it is peculiarly <u>______</u>, and this clarity seems to distill this very special beauty of the place.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. limpid
B. acute
C. calm
D. sharp
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. [[pellucid]]
F. tranquil
10. The book brings together many valuable reports on conservation projects, but with less variety than might have been wished: nearly half the contributions are from the same state, and consequently, the case studies are similarly <u>______</u> geographically.
A. rudimentary
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. interdependent
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. interrelated
D. complex
E. heterogeneous
F. dissimilar
第 28 页

## section 12 easy

1. The identity of [[hominid]] remains found in a cave in the Altai Mountains was <u>______</u> until Paabo and his colleagues ended the speculation by showing that DNA sequences indicated the bones belonged to Neanderthals.
A. extraneous
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. conjectural
C. improbable
D. demonstrable
E. consistent
2. In a production process that is complex and often unpredictable, roles that start out <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">discretely</mark> defined may become quite <u>______</u>.
**A. confused**
B. perfunctory
C. independent
D. [[overt]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. exacting
3. Tagore had a sharply defined sense of the (i)<u>______</u> of scientific inquiry. The fact that science dealt in statistics and numbers, that its logic was probabilistic, meant that the domain of moral questions (ii)<u>______</u> it: moral questions, for Tagore, required certainties, not probabilities.
A. irrationality
D. guarded over
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. limits
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. lay outside
C. [[futility]]
F. was subject to
4. The author suggests that cinema archives should become more like museums, justifying their existence by selecting, grouping and commenting on important films. By thus (i)<u>______</u> films, archives would not only serve as repositories but would provide (ii)<u>______</u> as well.
A. improving
D. conservation
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. restoring
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. education**
**C. interpreting**
F. income
5. Although Professor Pearson’s colleagues often complained that he was (i)<u>______</u>, his friends were quick to defend him from this charge of (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. [[importunate]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. inconstancy
B. [[garrulous]]
E. dishonest
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[mercurial]]
F. [[partiality]]
第 29 页
6. Just because, as a photographer, Friedlander (i)<u>______</u> places that most people consider ugly does not mean that he is out to prove they are beautiful. Instead, his work suggests that the photographer simply cannot ignore so much of the built American landscape but is obligated to (ii)<u>______</u> what we pass through day in and day out, regardless of (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. tends to avoid
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. document
G. authenticity
B. is harshly critical of
E. emulate
H. truthfulness
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. is interested in
F. discredit
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">I</mark>. aesthetics
7. For those of us who have been [[intoxicate]]d by the power and potential of mathematics, the mystery isn’t why that fascination developed but why it isn’t <u>______</u>.
A. advantageous
B. discounted
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. prevalent
D. undervalued
E. celebrated
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. widespread
8. The nation’s robust economic performance could be <u>______</u> by the persistent flaws in its economic institutions and structure that are the result of half-finished and misguided government policies.
A. neutralized
B. concealed
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. undermined
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[impair]]ed
E. obscured
F. [[outstrip]]ped
9. An abundance of nutrient-rich pollution in estuaries causes algae to <u>______</u>, much as houseplants grow better when their soil contains added fertilizer.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. abound
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. proliferate
C. stagnate
D. coalesce
E. collect
F. diversify
10. Taking to the mountains to escape the chaos occasioned by the collapse of the ruling dynasty, artists looked to nature for <u>______</u> and a [[serenity]] not evident in human society.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. an order
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. a stability
C. a fragility
D. a [[decadence]]
E. an interaction
F. a degeneracy
第 30 页

## section 13 easy

1. Because people expect theater directors to be authoritarians, many were surprised that Clark was so <u>______</u>.
A. histrionic
B. [[megalomaniacal]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. egalitarian
D. [[indolent]]
E. [[charismatic]]
2. The students’ <u>______</u> natures were in sharp contrast to the [[imperturbable]] dispositions of their teacher.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[volatile]]
B. duplicitous
C. apathetic
D. cunning
E. [[blithe]]
3. In a federally governed country, a regional government can function as a (i)<u>______</u> for the entire nation—a setting in which new ideas under consideration for national implementation are (ii)<u>______</u>without having to involve the country as a whole.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. laboratory
D. dispersed
B. catalyst
E. undermined
C. standard
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. tried
4. Conventional deposits of oil and gas are actually the final resting place of far-traveled hydrocarbons that were (i)<u>______</u> deeper source beds of organic-rich rock. By contrast, shale gas (ii)<u>______</u> its birthplace, remaining in the source bed whose organic matter produced the gas.
A. trapped in
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. never leaves
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. generated in
E. swiftly escapes from
C. bound for
F. rarely stays in
5. Despite dispute between the sisters lasted all summer, Megan remained (i)<u>______</u> and Laruen was equally (ii)<u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[intransigent]]
D. [[indolent]]
B. feckless
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. uncompromising
C. [[munificent]]
F. [[taciturn]]
6. In a view of 17 studies from 2008, Trudeau and Shephard concluded that reserving up to an hour a day for (i)<u>______</u> in school curricula does not (ii)<u>______</u> academic achievement. In fact, they noted that more exercise often (iii)<u>______</u> school performance, despite the time it took away from reading, writing, and arithmetic.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. physical activity
D. contribute to
G. diminished
B. leisure time
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. detract from
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. augmented
C. open study
F. correlate with
I. counteracted
第 31 页
7. The Great Lakes wolf is a <u>______</u>, [[stump]]ing scientists as to whether it is a subspecies of the gray wolf or a distinct species.
A. prototype
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. riddle
C. paragon
D. model
E. legend
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. conundrum
8. The book aims to illuminate how science has changed the meaning of nothingness from <u>______</u>philosophical concept to something we can almost put under a microscope.
A. a tangible
B. a palpable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. a [[nebulous]]
D. a [[nettle]]some
E. an incontrovertible
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. a vague
9. Readers have long considered Lawd Today! , Richard Wright’s first written and last published novel, <u>______</u>; the novel simply seems inconsistent with the image of what a Wright text should door be.
A. an artifact
B. a prototype
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. an anomaly
D. a mainstay
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. an [[aberration]]
F. a model
10. It is hardly <u>______</u> for today’s film to try to blur the boundaries between the moral and the immoral. Hollywood has been doing that since at least the 1960s.
A. entertaining
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. original
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. novel
D. pertinent
E. relevant
F. insightful
第 32 页

## section 14 easy

1. Despite the neighborhood’s lingering reputation for <u>______</u>, it has in fact become increasingly varied in its architecture and demographics.
A. boisterousness
B. unpretentiousness
C. idiosyncrasy
D. accessibility
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. homogeneity
2. That Seiberg and Witten lack celebrity can be explained by the <u>______</u> nature of their pursuit: the mathematical exploration of four-dimensional space.
A. [[pedestrian]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. esoteric
C. [[compelling]]
D. global
E. [[univocal]]
3. World demand for oil had been intensified, but it slackened because China’s surge in oil consumption had (i)<u>______</u>. Moreover, high oil price had themselves started to act as a short-term
(ii)<u>______</u> the global economy, thus further dampening demand.
A. spread
D. spur to
B. commenced
**E. drag on**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. slowed**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. panacea for
4. Despite the fact that the book promises a complete rethinking of the factors contributing to the conflict, the picture that the book paints is (i)<u>______</u>: in identifying cause, it is more orthodox than (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. obscure
D. restrictive
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. detailed
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. revisionist**
**C. familiar**
F. enigmatic
5. Collecting such fragment of contemporary popular culture as postcards, newspaper clippings, and wallpaper patterns, Susan Hiller transforms these seemingly (i)<u>______</u> artifacts into objective
(ii)<u>______</u> by making them the centerpieces in her compositions.
A. extravagant
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. importance
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. trivial
E. uniformity
C. archaic
F. banality
第 33 页
6. Gravitational waves—ripples in the geometry of space-time—are analogous to electromagnetic waves. The challenge in trying to observe these waves directly is that they are extremely weak. To make waves large enough to be (i)<u>______</u>, the most (ii)<u>______</u> events in the universe are required: supernova explosions, the formation of black holes, or the collision of stars. Even so, the effects are (iii)<u>______</u>. The geometry changes so little that a distance of several kilometers changes by less than the diameter of a proton.
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. detectable**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. obvious
G. masked
B. usable
E. subtle
H. disastrous
C. explicable
**F. violent**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">I</mark>. minuscule**
7. Reversing a decade-long trend on global <u>______</u>, earth’s surface has become brighter since 1990, scientists are reporting.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. warming
B. cooling
C. diffusing
**D. dimming**
**E. darkening**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. heating
8. All Shaker furniture implies <u>______</u> humanism in design: the Shakers made objects that look like objects, following a nonhuman law of design and rejecting the unconscious self-flattery [[inherent]] in making anthropomorphic objects.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. a rejection of
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. a liberation from
C. a belief in
D. an affinity for
E. an attraction to
F. a misunderstanding of
9. The controversial social analysis that Moynihan offered in the 1960s is now generally recognized as having been [[prescient]]; in fact, it has been the <u>______</u> upon which much of our discussion of social pathology must base.
A. concession
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. bedrock
C. imperative
D. compromise
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. foundations
F. vision
10. The life of a secret agent is dangerous enough, but the life of a double agent is infinitely more <u>______</u>: a single slip can send an agent crashing to destruction.
A. [[arduous]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[precarious]]
C. [[clandestine]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[perilous]]
E. [[covert]]
F. exhilarating
第 34 页

## section 15 easy

1. Paintings created in India during the Mughal dynasty were <u>______</u> in ambition but ornamental in presentation: in one direction they have a affinity with newspaper photographs, while in the other they have the intricacy of jewels.
A. metaphorical
**B. documentary**
C. aesthetic
D. sectarian
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. baroque
2. It is a paradox of the Victorians that they were both <u>______</u> and, through their empire, cosmopolitan.
A. capricious
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. insular
C. mercenary
D. idealistic
E. intransigent
3. Although movie critic Pauline Kael had a distaste for [[sycophancy]], she also had a need for (i)<u>______</u>; as a consequence of these competing feelings, she sent very (ii)<u>______</u> signals to friends and colleagues.
A. solitude
D. direct
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. obeisance
E. subtle
C. clarity
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. mixed
4. Since fibromyalgia’s symptoms can be (i)<u>______</u> and can (ii)<u>______</u> other disorder, and its diagnosis depends largely on patients’ descriptions rather than blood tests or biopsies, fibromyalgia’s cause and treatment have been the subject of much debate.
**A. wide-ranging**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[mimic]]**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. distinctive
E. illuminate
C. debilitating
F. preclude
5. Architecture scholar Sandy McCreery recently argued that traffic [[congestion]], far from being a sign of urban (i)<u>______</u>, is a mark of urban (ii)<u>______</u>; congestion promotes contemplation of our surroundings and provides us with a shared experience, thereby fulfilling the essential task of the city.
A. plentitude
D. [[ambition]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. decline
E. privation
C. excitement
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. health
第 35 页
6. When the Agriculture Department (i)<u>______</u> its dietary guidelines, it laid down a challenge: Eat better, smarter, and healthier or else. The “or else” included a long list of (ii)<u>______</u> that (iii)<u>______</u>
the developed world, from heart disease and osteoporosis to diabetes.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. make public
D. intangibles
G. assuage
B. debunked
E. misconceptions
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. [[plague]]
C. refused to consider
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. maladies
I. ignore
7. The jazz style called bebop was born and nurtured in New York City, and despite a <u>______</u> initial reception, it resonated three thousand miles away on the West Coast.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[wary]]
B. warm
**C. confused**
**D. muddled**
E. [[convivial]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[hostile]]
8. Despite the <u>______</u> of medical information available through e-mail, the Internet, and mobile devices, not many patients are taking advantage of the potential of electronic communications for health-related needs.
**A. wealth**
B. complexity
C. intricacy
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[profusion]]**
E. [[resurgence]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. overload
9. The political [[upheaval]] caught most people by surprise: despite the <u>______</u> warnings of some commentators, it had never seemed that imminent.
A. stern
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. prescient
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. prophetic
D. indifferent
E. repeated
F. apathetic
10. Wilson is wont to emphasize the <u>______</u> of ants, how ants with full stomachs will regurgitate liquid food for those without , or how the old will fight so the young can survive.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. beneficence
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. altruism
C. unpredictability
D. intelligence
E. fecundity
F. fertility
第 36 页