---
created: 2023-08-11 16:38:22
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec26-30
---

# 【填空】Sec26-30

- [[#section 26 median|section 26 median]]
- [[#section 27 median|section 27 median]]
- [[#section 28 median|section 28 median]]
- [[#section 29 median|section 29 median]]
- [[#section 30 median|section 30 median]]

## section 26 median

1. Scientists have argued not only that the chains of atoms called ladder compounds have <u>______</u>theoretical interest but also that studies of such systems can lead to important practical applications.

A. limited
B. dubious
C. superfluous
D. unidimensional
E. intrinsic

2. Some novelists immodestly idealized and exaggerated the significance of their work, but others, <u>______</u> to exalt the role of the writer, question a transcendent view of the art.

A. averring
B. declining
C. seeking
D. feigning
E. avowing

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> In her works, she (i)<u>______</u> confidence. She gets excessively (ii)<u>______</u> to authorities, even when rejecting their views.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. inspires|D. [[pugnacious]]|
|B. exudes|E. [[deferential]]|
|C. lacks|F. [[condescending]]|

4. The trade in scientific literature in nineteenth-century Germany was so robust that publisher constantly worried about (i)<u>______</u> of new titles, an anxiety that gave even relatively undistinguished authors, who made their living writing technical treatises, (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. prices|D. limited public relevance|
|B. supplies|E. enviable scholarly credentials|
|C. embargoes|F. strong bargaining positions|

5. Laws protecting intellectual property are intended to stimulate creativity, yet some forms of creative work have never enjoyed legal protection—a situation that ought to be of great interest. If we see certain forms of creative endeavor (i)<u>______</u> as a result of uncontrolled copying, we might decide to (ii)<u>______</u> intellectual property law. Conversely, if unprotected creative work (iii)<u>______</u> in the absence of legal rules against copying, we would do well to know how such flourishing is sustained.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. languishing|D. jettison|G. declines in originality|
|B. proliferating|E. extend|H. manages to thrive|
|C. diversifying|F. relax|I. openly invites imitation|

第 57 页
6. The slow pace of job creation was without precedent for the period of recovery from are cession, but the conditions that conspired to cause the recession were also (i)<u>______</u>. The stock market declined sharply, and [[rampant]] business investment slumped. Then an ensuing spate of scandals (ii)<u>______</u> public trust in the way companies were run. And yet, despite these powerful (iii)<u>______</u> to growth, the recession proved surprisingly mild.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. heartening|D. weakened|G. counterforces|
|B. atypical|E. illuminated|H. stimulants|
|C. ambiguous|F. consolidated|I. concomitants|

7. A cure for the common cold has been so [[elusive]] that it has become a modern symbol of <u>______</u>.

A. danger
B. [[futility]]
C. unease
D. pointlessness
E. [[sloth]]
F. apathy

8. The dictator’s gleaming military uniform and imperial paraphernalia sharply contrast with the <u>______</u> fashion favored by most other contemporary political leaders.

A. unostentatious
B. modest
C. august
D. majestic
E. formal
F. casual

9. If giant X-ray flares churn circumstellar disks enough to keep newborn planets, such as Earth once was, from spiraling into their suns, it would be an ironic twist on our conception of X-ray flares as <u>______</u>.

A. dangerous
B. predictable
C. ancient
D. ephemeral
E. perilous
F. foreseeable

10. Not only was this writer content to leave the reading public in the dark, she seems to have <u>______</u> the role of trickster, seeding her works with apparent clues that led nowhere.

A. rejected
B. disdained
C. relished
D. participated in
E. delighted in
F. developed
第 58 页

## section 27 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> Though many avant-garde writers <u>______</u> traditional distinctions among literary categories, combining elements of biography and fiction, prose and poetry, this fusion of forms has been slow to catch on with publishers.

A. [[flout]]
B. presuppose
C. exploit
D. imitate
E. illuminate

2. By pointing out the self-serving nature of the governor’s motives for supporting the new health care policy, the columnist implied that the governor’s idealistic-sounding explanation of her position on the issue was almost certainty <u>______</u>.

A. impractical
B. derivative
C. simplistic
D. disingenuous
E. ineffectual

3. The documentation of Earth’s biodiversity is complicated by the (i)<u>______</u> taxonomists. Those experts in classifying species tent to be (ii)<u>______</u> North American and Europe, whereas most of the undocumented biodiversity is likely in the tropics.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. uneven distribution of|D. clustered in|
|B. theoretical commitments of|E. oblivious to|
|C. professional rivalries among|F. exported from|
   
4. Invention was (i)<u>______</u> the work of the ancient Greek historians, whose writings were filled with long and often purely [[fictitious]] speeches by great historical figures. The animating force in historical writing was rhetoric rather than (ii)<u>______</u>. Even well into the eighteenth century, not a few historians continued to understand themselves as artists, given a license to invent.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. discouraged in|D. eloquence|
|B. a [[hallmark]] of|E. evidence|
|C. exceptional in|F. imagination|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> Given children’s active fantasy lives, one might think of truthfulness as (i)<u>______</u> virtue in young children, but it turns out that lying is the more (ii)<u>______</u> skill. A child who is going to lie must recognize the truth, intellectually conceive of an alternate reality, and be able to convincingly sell that new reality to someone else. Therefore, lying (iii) <u>______</u> cognitive development and social skills in a way that honesty simply does not.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. an instinctive|D. advanced|G. undermines|
|B. an acquired|E. practical|H. forgoes|
|C. a conscious|F. mundane|I. demands|

  
6. Traditional Vietnamese culture has long promoted the idea of gender equality. Founding myths (i) <u>______</u> the equal division of labor in child care for mothers and fathers. As is often the case, however, theoretical commitments are (ii) <u>______</u> actual processes. In reality, gender-based (iii) <u>______</u> persists.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. obscure|D. incommensurate with|G. parity|
|B. celebrate|E. surpassed by|H. inclusiveness|
|C. countermand|F. inspired by|I. [[stratification]]|

7. Although the biography never explicitly assesses what role the dynamic between Mr. Merrill’s parents might have played in the development of his personality, the author offers plenty of <u>______</u>.

A. mystification
B. elucidation
C. speculation
D. reflection
E. obfuscation
F. conjecture

8. There are great <u>______</u> in countries’ greenhouse gas emissions, especially in per capita terms: while the United States and China are similar in aggregate emissions, United States per capita emissions are a huge multiple of China’s.

A. distortions
B. disparities
C. fluctuations
D. advances
E. variances
F. vacillations

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> There is frequently a protracted time interval between the introduction of an innovative musical composition and its public acceptance; the concert-going public often [[spurn]]s the <u>______</u> in favor of the familiar for a prolonged period.

A. comprehensive
B. intricate
C. novel
D. original
E. intelligible
F. complex

10. The concept of the Hellenistic period in ancient history has proved useful but also <u>______</u>, with scholars disagreeing on the dates when the period began and ended.

A. [[slippery]]
B. elusive
C. fruitless
D. deceptive
E. futile
F. [[compelling]]
第 60 页

## section 28 median

1. In the solar system, collisions involving cosmic object are among the most <u>______</u> processes shaping surfaces: images of many solar objects show a proliferation of impact craters formed throughout the past 4.5 billion years.

A. [[cataclysmic]]
B. pervasive
C. misleading
D. uncontrollable
E. random

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> If the study proves that bears are still endemic to the area, the proposal to introduce additional bears of the same species will probably face less opposition, since the plan would then involve <u>______</u> a historic population, not trying to build population [[from scratch]].

A. reclassifying
B. augmenting
C. forestalling
D. publicizing
E. winnowing

3. Folmer’s book on Edith Wharton seems far removed from recent trends in literary criticism; this need not to be a fault, except that, in its title and introduction, the book (i)<u>______</u> to be conversant with contemporary discourse in the field, but in its actual analysis of Wharton’s work, it is marked by a very (ii)<u>______</u> approach.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. designs|D. old-fashioned|
|B. fails|E. timely|
|C. purports|F. arcane|

4. The book is not comprehensive but is, instead, (i)<u>______</u> in the most positive sense:(ii)<u>______</u> rather than settles.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. definitive|D. stipulates|
|B. provocative|E. suggests|
|C. timely|F. disseminates|

5. Although political events in different countries were not (i)<u>______</u> in the nineteen century, their interrelationship was (ii)<u>______</u> compared with the present, when interdependence has become far greater: (iii)<u>______</u> has ceased to be an option.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unconnected|D. conditional|G. isolationism|
|B. trivial|E. superficial|H. resilience|
|C. simultaneous|F. transparent|I. idealism|

  
6. In adolescence, (i)<u>______</u> interactions are crucial in forging a self-identity. To be sure, this process often plays out in (ii)<u>______</u> as a means of defining and shoring up the sense of self. Kids will seek out like-minded companions, and [[spurn]] others who seem different. But when kept within reasonable bounds, this in-group (iii)<u>______</u> generally evolves into a more mature friendship pattern.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. adult|D. cliquish social behavior|G. alienation|
|B. wide-ranging|E. dramatic changes in personality|H. clustering|
|C. peer|F. heightened sociability|I. competition|

7. Few ideas are more<u>______</u>than the notion that cultures evolve in Darwin fashion; many academics have begun writing about cultural evolution, but few treat the underlying Darwinian logic with the care it deserves.

A. abused
B. archaic
C. misused
D. outdated
E. divisive
F. derivative

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> After many years of feeling of <u>______</u> by his seniors managers, Clark was becoming hopeful
A. vilified
B. stymied
C. hindered
D. aggrieved
E. circumvented
F. overlooked

9. Williamson had a fierce commitment to achieving an accord, spending enormous amount of time trying to forge a consensus out of an often <u>______</u> assembly.

A. apathetic
B. [[fractious]]
C. [[restive]]
D. cynical
E. compliant
F. tractable

10. Readers looking for another [[condemnation]] of private equity firms should look elsewhere, this book is not <u>______</u> such firms.

A. a [[rant]] against
B. a [[diatribe]] on
C. an [[exculpation]]
D. a disquisition on
E. a vindication of
F. an argument about
## section 29 median

1. Many readers today consider the moral sentiments expressed in the ancient writers’ work to be quite [[vapid]], and in the seventeenth century they were similarly regarded as <u>______</u>.

A. jejune
B. [[didactic]]
C. dogmatic
D. tendentious
E. arcane

2. A new television documentary focuses on of the prime minister’s defining contradiction, portraying her as a woman who cultivated an image of <u>______</u>, but who liked to live grandly.

A. irascibility
B. abstemiousness
C. contentiousness
D. insouciance
E. surreptitiousness

3. The author clearly supports the causes he writes about, but he is more a narrator than (i)<u>______</u>. Some say he should have included more (ii)<u>______</u>, but he is wise to let the fact speak for themselves. They are complex enough to prompt many kinds of interpretation, and he would bog down the complicated tale if he tried to adjudicate all of their competing claims.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. a reporter|D. statistical data|
|B. an advocate|E. analysis of events|
|C. an adversary|F. detailed description|

4. The controversy about Alexander the Great’s personality derives from the fact that our sources are (i)<u>______</u>, all eyewitness accounts having perished. What remains is, at best, (ii)<u>______</u> (one history, for instance is based largely on the now-lost memoirs of Alexander’s alleged half-brother, Ptolemy) and at worst, highly unreliable.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. outdated|D. secondhand|
|B. inadequate|E. repetitious|
|C. abstruse|F. deceptive|

5. One sometimes hears that Marco Polo introduced pasta to the Western world, having encountered it in China. This durable myth, which (i)<u>______</u> that nothing should have been known of pasta in Italy until 1295, when Marco Polo returned from the Far East, can easily be (ii)<u>______</u> by pointing out that there are Italian references to pasta that (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. requires|D. augmented|G. praise its virtues|
|B. demonstrates|E. debunked|H. can be authenticated|
|C. symbolizes|F. traced|I. predate that event|

  
6. For almost two centuries, the German island of Sylt has offered various therapies for every conceivable (i)<u>______</u> from broken bones to liver complaints. The local mud, saltwater, thermal pools, and spas have been deemed (ii)<u>______</u>  by the German medical system, which (iii)<u>______</u> some of these treatments. Consequently, the treatments are widely used.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. malady|D. healthful|G. doubts|
|B. indiscretion|E. suspect|H. denies|
|C. prognosis|F. innocuous|I. funds|

7. His premiership, seemingly cast-iron year ago, is now so [[vulnerable]] that even a good day at the office does no more than buy him a few weeks of <u>______</u> from rebels within his own party.

A. controversy
B. reproach
C. respite
D. relief
E. blame
F. deference

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> Even before she went to art school, Veronica found the standard design categories <u>______</u>: she didn’t understand why designing buildings and designing tables should require different sensibilities.

A. [[provocative]]
B. limiting
C. stimulating
D. confusing
E. confining
F. exhilarating

9. The author engages this issue from diverse perspectives, supports his arguments with many examples, and manages to avoid antagonizing others in dealing with a very <u>______</u> subject.

A. contentious
B. pedestrian
C. controversial
D. perplexing
E. mundane
F. intriguing

10. Space is often referred to as the final frontier, as the only realm of which humankind has still to gain substantial understanding, yet the ocean is also another vast area about which our knowledge is <u>______</u>.

A. erroneous
B. confusing
C. frustrating
D. rudimentary
E. delusive
F. sketchy
  
## section 30 median

1. The stories in Yiyun Li’s recent collection are distinctive particularly for the strong contrast between their emotional intensity and their consistently <u>______</u> tone.

A. [[affable]]
B. ebullient
C. measured
D. irascible
E. overwrought

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The paleontologist examined the problem afresh, believing that the accepted classification <u>______</u> the essential continuity of the specimens by making [[specious]] distinctions among them.

A. disproved
B. belied
C. conflated
D. divulged
E. relaxed

3. It would be naïve to treat remarks made in diaries or personal letters as giving especially candid access to historical truth or even as being expressions of the writer’s true state of mind, since the (i)<u>______</u> for exaggeration and deception in those forms is virtually nonexistent. Diaries and letters are rarely sites for (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. motivation|D. premeditated manipulation|
|B. penalty|E. childish theatrics|
|C. tendency|F. balanced reflection|

4. Making loans and fighting poverty are normally two of the least [[glamorous]] pursuits around, but remarkably enough put the two together, and you have an economic innovation that has become not just (i)     but downright (ii)    .

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. popular|D. chic|
|B. pointless|E. unfathomable|
|C. dangerous|F. sensible|

5. Although Thaler employs an innovative mode of analysis, his study offers yet another examination of quite (i)<u>______</u> ground-namely, the culture ideology of Norwegian-American preservationist writers in the early twentieth century. The history, literature, and changing internal dynamics of the Norwegian subculture in America constitute a particularly well-studied area. Anyone familiar with the authoritative work of scholars in the field will (ii)<u>______</u> little in Thaler’s study that is (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. unfamiliar|D. find|G. accurate|
|B. well-worked|E. understand|H. new|
|C. fruitful|F. reveal|I. recognizable|

  
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Biologists have little (i)<u>______</u> drawing the link between the success of humanity and human (ii)<u>______</u>. Indeed, many biologists claim that this attribute, the ability to (iii)<u>______</u>, or, to put it more sharply, to make individuals subordinate their self-interest to the needs of the group, lies at the root of human achievement.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. consensus regarding|D. resilience|G. reflect|
|B. compunction about|E. sociability|H. communicate|
|C. justification for|F. uniqueness|I. cooperate|

7. Culture, like speech, is primarily a human faculty, although both functions may exist in a more <u>______</u> form in lesser primates.

A. indispensable
B. crucial
C. primitive
D. intelligible
E. recognizable
F. rudimentary

8. Tompkinson’s prior donations to the university, while very generous, failed to <u>______</u> the magnitude of her latest gift.

A. compensate for
B. portend
C. clarify
D. predict
E. offset
F. undermine

9. The first images of Jupiter’s moon Callisto show bright regions of material, as if older and darker ice had slid downhill and exposed the <u>______</u> ice underneath.

A. ancient
B. murky
C. compact
D. [[pristine]]
E. grimy
F. [[unblemished]]

10. Mortoris is dour and <u>______</u>, seemingly incapable of smiling, let alone laughing.

A. [[mirthful]]
B. [[jovial]]
C. intelligent
D. [[tepid]]
E. [[lugubrious]]
F. [[gloomy]]
