---
created: 2023-08-03 19:03:51
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec6-10
---

- [[#section 6 easy|section 6 easy]]
- [[#section 7 easy|section 7 easy]]
- [[#section 8 easy|section 8 easy]]
- [[#section 9 easy|section 9 easy]]
- [[#section 10 easy|section 10 easy]]

----

## section 6 easy

1. One view of historicism holds that systems of belief prevalent during different periods in history are <u>______</u> and therefore cannot be understood except in their own term.
A. discriminatory
B. incommensurable
C. anachronistic
D. cosmopolitan
E. objective
2. The company suffers from an almost total lack of <u>______</u>: even the most innocuous communications between departments lend to devolve into acrimony.
A. dissension
B. variance
C. comity
D. conformity
E. mordancy
3. One way to predict the effects of global climate change on an ecosystem is to extrapolate current trend in global change factors into the future. A (i)<u>______</u> of this method is that its predictions (ii)<u>______</u> actual observation, but the method also makes the questionable assumption that the future will resemble the present.
A. virtue
D. dispense with
B. drawback
E. derive from
C. peculiarity
F. improve upon
4. So (i)<u>______</u> is the reputation of the city’s police force for (ii)<u>______</u> that whenever a new police chief take office, he or she routinely promises to clean up the force.
A. persistent
D. corruption
B. recent
E. efficiency
C. discouraging
F. inexperience
5. Scientists said that cosmology was the field where the ratio of theory to data was (i)<u>______</u>: there was an abundance of theories, but almost no data. Recently, however, that ratio has flipped. A huge and ever-increasing amount of data has (ii)<u>______</u> all theories but one.
A. completely unknown
D. eliminated
B. nearly infinite
E. supported
C. always variable
F. clarified
第 17 页
6. Many fairy tales are complex narratives of wish fulfillment. They teach the reader that a struggle against severe difficulties in life is (i)<u>______</u>, that it is an intrinsic part of human existence, and that if one does not (ii)<u>______</u>, but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. atypical
D. preserve
G. elicits adversities
B. unavoidable
E. improvise
H. emerges victorious
C. insurmountable
F. shy away
I. evades achievements
7. Since it was committed to the idea of science as an international, politically neutral enterprise, the Royal Society of London refused to <u>______</u> members from enemy nations during world wars of the twentieth century.
A. betray
B. expel
C. endorse
D. oust
E. sanction
F. condemn
8. Coagulation factors are useful proteins whose simple names—many are known only by Roman numerals—<u>______</u> their importance and the specificity of their roles in the thinning and clotting of blood.
A. nullify
B. obviate
C. mitigate
D. belie
E. mask
F. accentuate
9. Despite her rather <u>______</u> choices, Moreland was neither a rebellious spirit nor someone who saw herself as anything out of the ordinary.
A. unconventional
B. impractical
C. quirky
D. flamboyant
E. successful
F. lucrative
10. Despite their cultural and social significance, rapid growth, and widespread appear in China, video games—unlike traditional media—have received <u>______</u> attention from international communication researches.
A. undue
B. scant
C. excessive
D. focused
E. limited
F. dwindling
第 18 页

## section 7 easy

1. The artist’s career was remarkable partly because it was so <u>______</u>: she died, with only a few paintings to her credit, while still in her twenties.
A. felicitous
B. prolific
C. enduring
D. conventional
E. abbreviated
2. The province has long claimed to be just another developing region, even as its economy <u>______</u>those of other regions and threatens to eclipse the rest of the country combined.
A. parallels
B. bolsters
C. corroborates
D. outstrips
E. engages
3. Scholars have marveled over the (i)<u>______</u> that Shakespeare displays in his works, noting that such broad learning is all the more remarkable given that books were relatively (ii)<u>______</u> in Shakespeare’s time.
A. meticulousness
D. edifying
B. humor
E. scarce
C. erudition
F. inexpensive
4. She was never (i)<u>______</u>; she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii)<u>______</u> for the present to declare her passion.
A. precipitate
D. pretended
B. tactful
E. decided
C. thoughtful
F. forbore
5. Except for a few passages in the biography in which the subject’s flaws are (i)<u>______</u>, the author’s treatment of her subject is (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. too harshly judged
D. erudite
B. analyzed in depth
E. judicious
C. frankly acknowledged
F. acrimonious
6. The writer argues that jewelry-grade diamonds, because they are both (i)<u>______</u> and (ii)<u>______</u>,prove one of two conclusions; their purchasers have so much money they can spend it on goods that (iii)<u>______</u>, or their purchasers are so committed to making others think they have such wealth that they are willing to go into debt to do so.
A. flawless
D. durable
G. may appreciate in value
B. fungible
E. useless
H. reflect the buyers’ connoisseurship
C. expensive
F. irreplaceable
I. serve no practical purpose
第 19 页
7. In Ramachandran’s opinion, it is perfectly acceptable to propose bold speculations about the brain, even if these speculations seem <u>______</u>; as Ramachandran frequently remarks, science thrives on risky conjecture.
A. unfounded
B. premature
C. controversial
D. verifiable
E. testable
F. baseless
8. The concert hall’s suspended ceiling is two-inch-thick plaster that reflects low-frequency sound energy; similarly, all wall surfaces are angled and shaped to <u>______</u> sound from the stage throughout the audience area.
A. diffuse
B. amplify
C. spread
D. dampen
E. eclipse
F. deaden
9. Any notion of justice in the fortunes of artists is <u>______</u>: works of equal value and quality produce quite different returns or no returns at all.
A. baseless
B. cliché
C. untenable
D. insulting
E. condescending
F. idealistic
10. Agencies responsible for protecting natural resources too often issue permits allowing exploitation of those resources, a process that remains <u>______</u> given that agencies have become experts at masking their decisions in the scientific terms.
A. controversial
B. exacting
C. obscure
D. onerous
E. opaque
F. misleading
第 20 页

## section 8 easy

1. Parker’s model of human reflects a <u>______</u> outlook, in stark contrast to the generally pessimistic analyses of her colleagues in the economics department.
A. prescient
B. circumspect
C. technical
D. magisterial
E. sanguine
2. The history of the region’s natural resources has been one of initial (i)<u>______</u> followed by (ii)<u>______</u>; as such the region has over time gone from a resource-rich to a resource-dependent economy.
A. disappointment
D. growing interdependence
B. abundance
E. draconian regulation
C. conservation
F. rapacious depletion
3. Any account of experimental music in the United States that (i)<u>______</u> the predominantly African American bebop and free jazz movements is (ii)<u>______</u>, since this body of music constitutes what is arguably the most influential African experimental music in the decades following the Second War War.
A. neglects
D. underappreciated
B. exaggerates
E. problematic
C. reinterprets
F. self-serving
4. Despite the abundance and importance of maize, its biological origin has been a long-running mystery. The bright yellow, mouth-watering treat does not grow in the wild anywhere on the planet, so its (i)<u>______</u> is not at all (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. utility
D. helpful
B. popularity
E. important
C. ancestry
F. obvious
5. In medieval Europe, watermills were more (i)<u>______</u> than windmills. It is true that windmills could be built virtually anywhere, whereas watermills (ii)<u>______</u>. However, watermills’ greater capacity and reliability provided a better (iii)<u>______</u> the money required to build the mill. 
A. problematic
D. were suitable only for
certain locations
G. source of
B. profitable
E. inspired a variety of new
technologies
H. adjunct to
C. versatile
F. required a good deal of
upkeep
I. return on
第 21 页
6. When the Agriculture Department (i)<u>______</u> its dietary guidelines, it laid down a challenge: Eat better, smarter, and healthier or else. The “or else” included a long list of (ii)<u>______</u> that (iii)<u>______</u> the developed world, from heart disease and osteoporosis to diabetes.
A. make public
D. intangibles
G. assuage
B. debunked
E. misconceptions
H. plague
C. refused to consider
F. maladies
I. ignore
7. Although legislators on both sides of issues have repeatedly <u>______</u> a desire to find a middle ground, until now no acceptable compromise has been achieved.
A. discussed
B. proclaimed
C. professed
D. rejected
E. disowned
F. betrayed
8. The company is so old-fashioned and opposed to innovation that it can seem downright <u>______</u>.
A. antediluvian
B. flighty
C. archaic
D. chauvinistic
E. capricious
F. patronizing
9. Estimating demographic parameters in marine mammals is challenging, often requiring many years of data to achieve sufficient precision to <u>______</u> biologically meaningful change.
A. effect
B. tolerate
C. discern
D. envisage
E. withstand
F. detect
10. Scientists should hope the faults in their theories will be <u>______</u> their peers since the refutation of one hypothesis can free its originator to develop a better one.
A. discerned by
B. disregarded by
C. discovered by
D. ignored by
E. opaque to
F. inspiring to
第 22 页

## section 9 easy

1. He was so \_\_\_\_ during the filming of the movie that crew members nicknamed his “The Angriest Man in the World”
A. loquacious
B. irascible
C. perfidious
D. sanguine
E. voracious
2. The film was a <u>______</u>: its elements were assembled more or less haphazardly from a dozen of different sources.
A. burlesque
B. satire
C. pastiche
D. chronicle
E. parody
3. The description of Green’s scholarship as (i)<u>______</u> is grossly misleading: while her research on interstellar particles is not especially novel, the conclusions she draws from her data are (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. esoteric
D. remarkably pioneering
B. tendentious
E. dubiously supported
C. derivative
F. strangely comforting
4. People frequently attempt to relieve their workplace frustrations via surreptitious comments around the water cooler but would be better able to resolve their resentment if they were less
A. vexatious
D. equitable
B. clandestine
E. sincere
C. opportunistic
F. open
(i)<u>______</u> about their problem and imitated a more (ii)<u>______</u> dialogue.
5. It would be (i)<u>______</u> not to (i)<u>______</u> these tabloid journalists for thriving in hard times: they deserve credit for doing well in a profession in financial straits.
A. apropos
D. admire
B. churlish
E. envy
C. cagey
F. emulate
第 23 页
6. The historian’s narrative of the dynasty’s decline is (i)<u>______</u>, because though there is nothing (ii)<u>______</u> the account, largely parts of it rely on (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. diffuse
D. psychologically penetrating
in
G. plagiarism
B. reasonable
E. inherently implausible about
H. conjecture
C. questionable
F. fully documented in
I. pretense
7. Though Edmurd certainly had a dignified bearing and made a great first impression, those who became acquainted with him soon realized he had an essentially <u>______</u> nature.
A. pugnacious
B. deliberate
C. punctilious
D. courteous
E. complacent
F. truculent
8. The life of a secret agent is dangerous enough, but the life of a double agent is infinitely more
<u>______</u>: a single slip can send an agent crashing to destruction.
A. arduous
B. precarious
C. clandestine
D. perilous
E. covert
F. exhilarating
9. Natural causes nerves to die off and muscles to weaken, but regular exercise of muscle fibers enlarges and can <u>______</u> the decline by increasing the strengthen muscle you have left.
A. speed up
B. stave off
C. forestall
D. facilitate
E. assist
F. exploit
10. Creativity is no longer seen as <u>______</u> inspiration leading to poem or painting, it has come to bethought of as something permeating the whole of a person’s life.
A. a mundane
B. a momentary
C. an illusory
D. an evanescent
E. a metaphoric
F. a prosaic
第 24 页

## section 10 easy

1. Nylenna’s study showed that errors in scientific manuscripts submitted for publication often escape reviewers’ notice, results that were not <u>______</u>: when Godlee conducted a study of the same phenomenon, her findings were similar.
A. credible
B. unwelcome
C. anomalous
D. quantifiable
E. consequential
2. Among the Meakam but people of Papua New Guinea, legends are associated with specific caves in the Sepik region, and these legends are <u>______</u>: only the cave owner can share its secrets.
A. impenetrable
B. immutable
C. proprietary
D. didactic
E. self-perpetuating
3. It would be imprecise to characterize her scholarship as (i)<u>______</u>: though her etymological discussion is necessarily esoteric, there is nothing (ii)<u>______</u> about the conclusions she derives from it.
A. derivative
D. obscure
B. arcane
E. controversial
C. careless
F. innovative
4. While acknowledging behaviors the Prime Minster took in order to remain in office were (i)<u>______</u>, some politicians nevertheless believed this small amount of (ii)<u>______</u> was justified tokeep reforming government in office.
A. unethical
D. skullduggery
B. impractical
E. indolence
C. quixotic
F. incivility
5. Attending with equal (i)<u>______</u> to any question that presents itself, the sociologist’s work has strengths and weaknesses that flow from this energetically (ii)<u>______</u> approach. 
A. skepticism
D. hybrid
B. lethargy
E. indiscriminate
C. fervor
F. conciliatory
第 25 页
6. Galaxy Zoo set a standard for citizen-scientist participation project. Zealous volunteers (i)<u>______</u>the project’s organizers by classifying an entire catalog of galaxies years ahead of schedule. (ii)<u>______</u> by the (iii)<u>______</u> of the volunteers, Galaxy Zoo team was inspired to pursue lines of research they had never even imagined.
A. beguiled
D. baffled
G. insouciance
B. forestalled
E. buoyed
H. stoicism
C. astonished
F. embarrassed
I. alacrity
7. In establishing that the dust she had observed constitutes two percent of the mass in the quadrant, the astronomer showed that the dust’s extreme visual prominence <u>______</u> its relatively minor contribution to the total mass of the region.
A. belies
B. masks
C. highlights
D. nullifies
E. disproves
F. accentuates
8. Writing about advances in climate science is often problematic, in part because the material is so <u>______</u>: climate science is the study of shifting, interrelated, and sometimes paradoxical patterns.
A. disheartening
B. pedestrian
C. complicated
D. depressing
E. knotty
F. mundane
9. There are many insights in the essay collected in Observations on modernity, but they are embedded in a dense English translation of a dense German original that may make many of them
<u>______</u> to most readers.
A. vapid
B. inaccessible
C. sagacious
D. banal
E. distressing
F. o p a q u e
10. Noise suppression in phones can play an important role in making cellphone networks more efficient, since when sounds that are <u>______</u> to the meaningful signal are transmitted, precious network band width is wasted.
A. unsuitable
B. detrimental
C. irrelevant
D. confined
E. limited
F. extraneous

