---
created: 2023-08-03 19:05:50
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec16-20
---

- [[#section 16 median|section 16 median]]
- [[#section 17 median|section 17 median]]
- [[#section 18 median|section 18 median]]
- [[#section 19 median|section 19 median]]
- [[#section 20 median|section 20 median]]

-----

## section 16 median

1. Blake’s reputation for weakness is <u>______</u>: almost all who have worked with him say he is a disciplined, intellectually formidable, and very tough politician.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[specious]]
B. pervasive
C. irreversible
D. trivial
E. ambivalent
2. In proto scientific (for example, in ancient Greece), claims about the physical world were often accepted as true if they were reasonable; experimental verification, if thought necessary at all, was <u>______</u>.
A. utilitarian
**B. perfunctory**
C. egregious
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. empirical
E. inductive
3. Though many professional book reviewers would agree that criticism should be (i)<u>______</u>enterprise, a tendency to write (ii)<u>______</u> reviews has risen, partly [[out of]] the mistaken belief that sharing personal details will help reviewers stand out of the pack
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. an anonymous
D. scathing
B. an evenhanded
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. confessional
C. a spirited
F. superficial
4. Many of the unusual behaviors attributed to crows—such as drinking coffee or presenting gifts to people who feed them—are based on (i)<u>______</u> and therefore fall into the category of (ii)<u>______</u>rather than science.
A. long-term observation
**D. anecdote**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. controlled experiments
E. speculation
**C. secondhand testimony**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. hypothesis
5. Despite the [[scathing]] precision with which she satirizes the lives of social aspirants and moneyed folk, the writer appears to (i)<u>______</u> being part of the world she presents as so (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. abhor
D. unattainable
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. relish**
**E. insufferable**
C. evoke
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. enchanting
第 37 页
6. Although Thaler employs an innovative mode of analysis, his study offers yet another examination of quite (i)<u>______</u> ground—namely, the culture ideology of Norwegian-American preservationist writers in the early twentieth century. The history, literature, and changing internal dynamics of the Norwegian subculture in America constitute a particularly well-studied area. Anyone familiar with the authoritative work of scholars in the field will (ii)<u>______</u> little in Thaler’s study that is (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. unfamiliar
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. find
G. accurate
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. well-worked
E. understand
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. new
C. fruitful
F. reveal
I. recognizable
7. Though it may seem as if more than a century of <u>______</u> has made the electrical grid an all-encompassing web connecting the whole of the continent, many vast and beautiful areas remain without power.
A. refinement
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. expansion
C. ubiquity
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. augmentation
E. omnipresence
F. isolation
8. Much of the literature of railroad seeks someone to <u>______</u>, and it is thus replete with encomiums on entrepreneurs and managers.
A. [[indict]]
B. [[rehabilitate]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. [[exalt]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[valorize]]
E. emulate
F. [[excoriate]]
9. Not only was this writer content to leave the reading public in the dark, she seems to have <u>______</u> the role of trickster, seeding her works with apparent clues that led nowhere.
A. rejected
B. disdained
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. relished
D. participated in
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. delighted in
F. developed
10. The major <u>______</u> of much popular history is that it betrays no interest in making intellectual contributions to our understanding of an issue.
A. characteristic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. shortcoming
C. dilemma
D. [[quandary]]
E. ploy
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. fault
第 38 页

## section 17 median

1. While early biographies of Florence Nightingale tended to be quite <u>______</u>, Lytton Strachey’s [[irreverent]] 1918 essay about her ushered in a new era, making it acceptable, even fashionable, to criticize her.
A. [[unsympathetic]]
**B. [[sycophantic]]**
C. [[unsentimental]]
D. [[censorious]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. [[pedantic]]
2. The modest but functional new wing finally gives the museum the <u>______</u> to serve its visitors properly, including multiple entrances to eliminate the lines that used to snake around the building.
A. visibility
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[wherewithal]]
C. reputation
D. [[solemnity]]
E. [[panache]]
3. The benefits offered by information technology do not (i)<u>______</u> the need for individual reasoning; for example, Internet user should not allow the reasoning process to be (ii)<u>______</u> the mere accumulation raw data.
A. disguise
D. preceded by
B. signal
E. supplemented with
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. diminish
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[supplant]]ed by
4. Because the book is largely concerned with an examination of various (i)<u>______</u> often encountered in contemporary thinking, such as an exaggerated appreciation for meaningless coincidence and a [[credulous]] accept of pseudoscience, much of the writing has a (ii)<u>______</u> quality to it. Nevertheless, it avoids the overly earned scolding tone common to many such endeavors.
**A. inadequacies**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. debunking**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. abstractions
E. speculative
C. complexities
F. generalizing
5. The building affairs minister rightly recognizes that the current planning system—under which the government controls every aspect of construction—creates disastrous developments, but she is wrong to propose the opposite: the wholesale (i)<u>______</u> of the building market. Such a complete (ii)<u>______</u> of responsibility on the part of the state can hardly be in the public’s interest.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. liberalization
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. abnegation
B. preservation
E. recapitulation
C. regulation
F. [[accretion]]
第 39 页
6. Publisher, publicist, and broadcasters love anniversaries, those occasions when historical events become (i)<u>______</u> in (ii)<u>______</u> culture of celebration. On such occasions patriotic sentiment and national pride are wrapped in the [[panoply]] of history to manufacture a mythical past that is serviceable for public (iii)<u>______</u>.
A. elusive moments
D. an authentic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">G</mark>. consumption
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. marketable artifacts
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. a commercial
H. [[scrutiny]]
C. raging controversies
F. an elitist
I. censure

7. After rising continuously over the summer, commodity prices fell, leaving analyst wondering whether the downward trend is a turning point or merely a <u>______</u> before demand picks up in the winter months.
A. spike
B. upsurge
C. harbinger
D. portent
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. lull
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. [[respite]]
8. Doris Kearns Goodwin’s elegant, incisive study of Lincoln <u>______</u> those whose knowledge of Lincoln is an amalgam of high school history and popular mythology as well as those who are experts.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. [[gratify]]
B. entice
C. inspire
D. confuse
E. perplex
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. please
9. Explorers could not build each other’s knowledge if they could not trust records of previous explorers; thus exploration depended on the <u>______</u> of those who had gone before.
A. collegiality
B. endurance
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. exactitude
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>.[[ meticulous]]ness
E. eminence
F. [[tenacity]]
10. Well organized and researched and including all significant discoveries and medical scientists, this history of Western medicine has justly been called <u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. encyclopedic
B. long-winded
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. exhaustive
D. [[rambling]]
E. overbearing
F. undiscriminating
第 40 页

## section 18 median

1. Politicians who invoke the founders of the United States in support of their views seem to imply that the founders consistently concurred in their own views when in reality they were a highly <u>______</u> group of thinkers.
A. erudite
B. innovative
C. predictable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. contentious
E. methodical
2. Apparently, advanced tortoises evolved multiple times: the high-domed shells and columnar, elephantine feet of current forms are specializations for terrestrial life that evolved <u>______</u> on each continent.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. independently
B. interchangeably
C. paradoxically
D. simultaneously
E. symmetrically
3. Scholarly works on detective stories often begin with (i)<u>______</u>, suggesting that there is something vaguely wrong with adults who spend their time reading such fiction and certainly something (ii)<u>______</u> those who devote energy to its analysis.
A. chronologies
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. [[awry]] in**
**B. apologies**
E. astute about
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. synopses
F. courageous about
4. Due to the extraordinary circumstances, British business owners found themselves in a (i)<u>______</u>position during the Second World War, forced to accept regular interference from government and to acquiesce to (ii)<u>______</u> role for labor unions in negotiating the terms and conditions of employment.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. defensive
D. a traditional
B. dominant
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. an enhanced
C. customary
F. a diminished
5. As Ellen Donkin explains, in eighteenth-century England, writing plays (i)<u>______</u> women. Even when the (ii)<u>______</u> meant that playwriting did not bring personal fame, the work nevertheless enabled them to present their own views to the public and offered the possibility of acquiring capital.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. empowered
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. use of a pseudonym
B. overextended
E. lack of a producer
C. impressed
F. poor [[remuneration]]
第 41 页
6. Laws protecting intellectual property are intended to stimulate creativity, yet some forms of creative work have never enjoyed legal protection—a situation that ought to be of great interest. If we see certain forms of creative endeavor (i)<u>______</u> as a result of uncontrolled copying, we might decide to (ii)<u>______</u> intellectual property law. Conversely, if unprotected creative work (iii)<u>______</u> in the absence of legal rules against copying, we would do well to know how such flourishing is sustained.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. languishing
D. jettison
G. declines in originality
B. proliferating
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E.</mark> extend
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. manages to thrive
C. diversifying
F. relax
I. openly invites imitation
7. Science is arguably a very high-minded pursuit, but that is not to say that all of its practitioners are <u>______</u>, as numerous articles alleging overly generous pharmaceutical industry payments to medical researchers have tried to show.
A. conventional
B. clever
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. unimpeachable
D. ingenious
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. blameless
F. predictable
8. In a field of egotists, Bloomfield is <u>______</u>, often praising her competitors and punctuating her correspondence with self-deprecating remarks.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. unassuming
B. complimentary
C. [[acerbic]]
D. ingenuous
E. [[cutting]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. modest
9. Because its previously <u>______</u> beliefs had become core tenets of mainstream politics, the activist group disbanded; with no more skeptics to persuade, its purpose had evaporated.
A. arcane
B. seditious
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. quixotic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. idealistic
E. popular
F. conventional
10. Although scientific progress leads to constant revision of ideas, one observation that has remained <u>______</u> over the years is that there are a lot of insects in the world: some 950,000 species have been identified.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. robust
B. significant
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. strong
D. perplexing
E. confounding
F. obscure
第 42 页

## section 19 median

1. What once seemed a quixotic vision—the “Subway to the Sea,” connecting Union Station in downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Ocean in Santa Monica—no longer seems quite so <u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. impracticable
B. prescient
C. banal
D. viable
E. beneficial
2. There is <u>______</u> in the director’s most recent film that keeps the melodramatic possibilities latent in its script safely at bay.
A. a [[mawkish]]ness
B. a predictability
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. an austerity
D. an ostentatiousness
E. an emotiveness
3. Computers have become adept in rarefied domains once thought to be uniquely human. However, they simultaneously have (i)<u>______</u> certain tasks basic to the human experience, including spatial orientation and object recognition, and in so doing, have shown us how (ii)<u>______</u>such fundamental skills truly are.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. failed to master
D. outmoded
B. helped to improve
E. common
C. managed to [[mimic]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. impressive
4. Until the advent of film, commercial entertainment in England occurred only where concentrated urban populations provided audiences large enough to make it remunerative: theaters and music halls were (i)<u>______</u> in rural villages. But village cinemas quickly become (ii)<u>______</u>, even though they were ramshackle affairs in comparison to the urban picture palaces.
**A. [[spartan]]**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. commonplace**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. unconceivable
E. sophisticated
C. profitable
F. unfashionable
5. Among wide-ranging animal species, populations at the edge of the species’ range are frequently exposed to less (i)<u>______</u> and more variable conditions than those in other parts on the range. As a result, the animal’s abundance is often (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. [[erratic]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. lower at the [[periphery]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. favorable
E. unaffected by habitat
C. demanding
F. underestimated by researchers
第 43 页
6. Common sense tells me some people are more (i)<u>______</u> than others. The claim that these differences are (ii)<u>______</u>, or that deep down, everybody acts only to further their own interests, (iii)<u>______</u> our everyday observations and deep-seated human practices of moral evaluation.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. altruistic
D. growing
G. mimics
B. adaptable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. illusory
H. explains
C. disciplined
F. relevant
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">I</mark>. contradicts
7. Anne Carson’s book _Nox_ is, very deliberately, <u>______</u> literary object—the opposite of an e-reader, which is designed to vanish in your palm as you read on a train.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. an evanescent
**B. a cumbersome**
C. an immutable
**D. an unwieldy**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. an ephemeral
F. a flexible
8. One of the peculiarities of humans is that we irrationally [[gravitate]] to the predictable and avoid risk, whatever the reasons for this <u>______</u>, it is hardly a sound basis for dealing with complex, long-term problems.
A. eccentricity
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[predilection]]
C. [[vacillation]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. proclivity
E. wavering
F. cowardice
9. Williamson had a fierce commitment to achieving an accord, spending enormous amount of time trying to forge a consensus out of an often <u>______</u> assembly.
A. apathetic
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[fractious]]
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. restive
D. cynical
E. compliant
F. tractable
10. One <u>______</u> is that so far, Web services have turned out to be much harder to deliver than their champions had hoped.
A. hope
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. [[snag]]
C. prospect
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. hitch
E. upshot
F. reason
第 44 页

## section 20 median

1. Unlike some mammals—cows and sheep, for instance—that are notably <u>______</u>, lions have a wide range of facial expressions.
A. tractable
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. impassive
C. solitary
D. social
E. sluggish
2. Though humanitarian emergencies are frequent features of television news, such exposure seldom <u>______</u> the public, which rather seems resigned to a sense of impotency.
A. [[paralyze]]s
B. [[demoralize]]s
C. assuages
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">D</mark>. galvanizes
E. [[exasperate]]s
3. Historian Barbara Alpern Engel’s task in writing a book about women in Russia must have been a (i)<u>______</u> one, because the (ii)<u>______</u> the Russian empire’s peoples meant that Russian women could never be treated as a homogeneous group.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. motivating
D. unity among
B. boring
E. disinterest in
**C. [[daunting]]**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. diversity of**
4. The national bank has been uncommonly powerful in comparison to its counterparts in other nations. It remains this potency partly because its control of the nation's banking system is (i)<u>______</u>governmental interference, and thus its actions remain largely (ii)<u>______</u>.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. unencumbered by
D. compulsory
B. replete with
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. discretionary
C. hindered by
F. bureaucratic
5. The material covered in this article has been (i)<u>______</u> in previous publications, and since currently neglected areas remained unexplored, the article contains no (ii)<u>______</u>.
A. skirted
**D. revelations**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. scrutinized**
E. distortions
C. countered
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. conclusions
第 45 页
6. China’s rapidly growing population is the main threat facing large carnivores in the People’s Republic. Increasingly, policies aimed at limiting population growth have been (i)<u>______</u>;nevertheless, the country’s vast size and the isolation of many of its regions mean that human populations in areas where large carnivores still occur (ii)<u>______</u>. This human pressure has (iii)<u>______</u> the South China tiger.
A. modified
D. could start to decline
G. celebrated
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. deemphasized
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. can grow unchecked**
**<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">H</mark>. doomed**
**C. implemented**
F. have stabilized
I. bypassed
7. Asserting a need to preserve the <u>______</u> that became the hallmark of her predecessor’s [[tenure]], the new director of federal monetary policy refused to subscribe to rigid or mechanistic rules in policy making.
A. firmness
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. adaptability
C. unpredictability
D. autonomy
E. strictness
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">F</mark>. flexibility
8. At first, most of the famous fairy tales seem so implausible and so irrelevant to contemporary life that their <u>______</u> is hard to understand.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. universality
**B. persistence**
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">C</mark>. appeal
D. ephemerality
**E. survival**
F. transience
9. Far from <u>______</u> innovations, as the patent system was designed to do, the patenting of concepts such as gene sequences gives individuals and corporations a legal choke to hold over ideas that should be useful to all.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">A</mark>. spurring
B. recognizing
C. codifying
D. acknowledging
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. fostering
F. cataloging
10. Advocates for workers’ rights have adopted a new strategy, one that will require considerable ingenuity but that, if successful, could <u>______</u> a movement aimed at making labor rights an unassailable feature of American democracy.
A. frustrate
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">B</mark>. galvanize
C. presume
D. affect
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">E</mark>. animate
F. thwart
第 46 页