---
created: 2023-08-17 15:12:20
updated: 2023-08-17 15:14:43
tags: 
  - Test
title: ⛳【填空】Sec68-72
---
# 【填空】Sec68-72

## section 68 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> The presidents’ cordial greeting may seem to be a small gesture of friendliness, but it is not without <u>______</u> in the heretofore stifled atmosphere of the society’s meetings.

A. significance
B. impertinence
C. nostalgia
D. precedent
E. triviality

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark> The purpose of accounts of the Amazons for their male Greek recorders was <u>______</u>, to teach both male and female Greeks that all-female groups, formed by withdrawal from traditional society, are destructive and dangerous.

A. deceptive
B. didactic
C. pre-cautious
D. [[vengeful]]
E. reflective

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark> Whatever the acknowledged (i)<u>______</u> of the market and the merits of considering ways to (ii) <u>______</u> them, implementing public policies toward this end entails the inevitable risk that those policies will simply create new [[deficiencies]] even as they address old ones.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. attractions|D. remedy|
|B. shortcomings|E. enhance|
|C. complexities|F. restore|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> Research note that wolves’ otherwise strongly hierarchical society is marked by occasional displays of [[populist]] (i)<u>______</u>: if a pack leader proves a too-snappish tyrant, subordinate wolves will (ii)<u>______</u> the top cur.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[umbrage]]|D. collectively overthrow|
|B. [[expiation]]|E. eventually placate|
|C. [[torpor]]|F. quickly appraise|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> The motives of many major investors in Pop Art have arguably been to a large extent (i)<u>______</u>. These collectors demonstrate and enhance their power over the art market by establishing seemingly arbitrary works of art as priceless. This phenomenon reveals that (ii)<u>______</u> is not (iii) <u>______</u> of truth or beauty, but simply a trick of investment capital.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. visionary|D. value|G. a product|
|B. ambiguous|E. virtuosity|H. an inversion|
|C. self-aggrandizing|F. originality|I. a limitation|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Not all paleontologists agree that connections between the continents were (i)<u>______</u>just   after the extinction of the dinosaurs. Some hold the view that North America, Asia, and South America had (ii)<u>______</u>immediately following the dinosaur extinction, pointing to (iii)<u>______</u>between ancient kinds of mammals that existed on all three continents at this time in support of their argument.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. significant|D. lasting differences|G. similarities|
|B. permanent|E. extensive contacts|H. intermediaries|
|C. limited|F. trivial likeness|I. hostilities|

7. Because archaeology explores the most profound changes in human history by means of a grossly incomplete record; it has invited the sort of bold, imaginative interpretation in which speculation too easily becomes <u>______</u> evidence.

A. replaced by
B. constrained by
C. untethered from
D. divorced from
E. substituted for
F. constricted by

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> During the eighteenth century, improvements in their material circumstances did not necessarily mean expanded independence for women elite families and, arguably, the social conventions of gentility <u>______</u> more of their time and energy.

A. provided
B. justified
C. demanded
D. granted
E. exacted
F. rationalized

9. For certain economists, “pure” economic theory, that is, economic theory <u>______</u> a specific social structure, is impossible, much like a concept of anatomy that investigates no specific species.

A. attuned to
B. abstracted from
C. [[derive]]d from
D. divorced from
E. sensitive to
F. analyzed in

10. The professor’s habitual air of <u>______</u> was misleading front, concealing amazing reserves of patience and a deep commitment to his students’ learning.

A. cordiality
B. irascibility
C. disorganization
D. conviviality
E. diffidence
F. exasperation
time: 16'12''
## section 69 median

1. The often-cited parallels between human communities and insect colonies are <u>______</u>: the cooperation found among social insects is essentially due to the insects genetic ties, while humans often collaborate with non-relatives.

A. superficial
B. obvious
C. hackneyed
D. contradictory
E. uncanny

2. In the nineteenth century, geology became so respected among middle-class Britons that the science came to be seen as <u>______</u>, a [[yardstick]] by which other disciplines measured their scientific rigor and imaginative power.

A. accessible
B. derivative
C. pragmatic
D. empirical
E. paradigmatic

3. Throughout much of the twentieth century, common scientific sense seemed to [[dictate]] that animals could not make a choice based on rational or aesthetic criteria. Such choices were (i)<u>______</u> the mental capacity of humans. Scientists who (ii)<u>______</u> this animal-human cognitive division were often accused of anthropomorphism.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. reserved for|D. accepted|
|B. inconsistent with|E. transgressed|
|C. similar to|F. exacerbated|

4. For many adults, the adolescent years occupy (i)<u>______</u> place in the memory, which to some degree is even quantifiable: give a grown adult a series of random prompts and cues, odds are he or she will recall (ii)<u>______</u> number of memories from adolescence.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. a peripheral|D. a disproportionate|
|B. a privileged|E. a modest|
|C. an arbitrary|F. an uncertain|

5. Company historians tend to focus on either the company itself or company leaders, the latter being (i)<u>______</u> by writers who think (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> is important, the former favored by writers who think company heads are actually (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. rehashed|D. leadership|G. influential|
|B. misrepresented|E. organization|H. interchangeable|
|C. preferred|F. function|I. uncontrolled|

6. Publisher, publicist, and broadcasters love anniversaries, those occasions when historical events become (i)<u>______</u>in (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u>culture of celebration. On such occasions patriotic sentiment and national pride wrapped in the panoply of history to manufacture a mythical past that is serviceable for public (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. elusive moments|D. an authentic|G. consumption|
|B. marketable artifacts|E. a commercial|H. scrutiny|
|C. raging controversies|F. an elitist|I. censure|

7. Rebecca West’s book _Black Lamb and Grey Falcon_ is a singularity <u>______</u> achievement, 1,100 pages that meld the genres of travel narratives, autobiography, historical analysis, and philosophical meditation.

A. evanescent
B. petty
C. [[polymath]]ic
D. incongruous
E. encyclopedic
F. fleeting

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">8.</mark> She expected her book to be <u>______</u>, but in fact few of her readers disagreed with its [[premise]] that street art, long considered a mere sideshow entertainment, deserved to be regarded as high art.

A. controversial
B. dramatic
C. impressive
D. acclaimed
E. provocative
F. popular

9. Researchers have recorded around 60 separate behaviors for worker honeybees, a number that seems to <u>______</u> the achievements of many mammals: even the [[versatile]] bottlenose dolphin only performs about twice the number a worker honeybee manages.

A. approximate
B. eclipse
C. reflect
D. compound
E. outdo
F. echo

10. Despite its best efforts to stimulate sales, the bookselling business remains far from <u>______</u>, for it has high fixed costs in wages and rent, and falling prices make these ever harder to spur.

A. effective
B. [[healthy]]
C. innovative
D. robust
E. stingy
F. [[parsimonious]]
time: 9'17''
## section 70 median

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark> One might expect someone of such<u>______</u>views to have a comparably [[dour]] personality, but people who have worked with her talk about how she uses her considerable charm to convince people that she is right.

A. forbearing
B. convoluted
C. [[felicitous]]
D. [[astringent]]
E. hyperbolic

2. Some species [[camouflage]] patterns may be <u>______</u>, granting those species a higher chance of survival in a heterogeneous environment.

A. plastic
B. subtle
C. singular
D. consistent
E. imitable

3. In the discussions on international patent law, many (i)<u>______</u> issues will probably be pushed far into the future. This cautious approach makes diplomatic sense, since attempts over the past 15 years to reach international agreements on patents have (ii)<u>______</u><u>______</u> just such sensitive issues.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. contentious|D. approached|
|B. stimulating|E. articulated|
|C. subjective|F. foundered on|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">4.</mark> The report is admittedly (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> : it is intended to suggest new lines of research rather than to deal with the subject in a (ii)<u>______</u> manner.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. [[sketchy]]|D. [[cavalier]]|
|B. [[exculpatory]]|E. deceptive|
|C. [[flippant]]|F. thorough|

5. Cynics will dismiss the race between Richard and Gorman as two equally dull candidates. However, the notion that the two leaders are (i)<u>______</u> does not meet them, for they are as different as can be. Richard is (ii)<u>______</u> and is [[fastidious]] of her appearance. So one could hardly accuse her of being either [[taciturn]] or (iii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. interchangeable|D. condescending|G. [[unkempt]]|
|B. uncritical|E. loquacious|H. reticent|
|C. competent|F. blunted|I. adherent|

6. People love to talk about their commutes to and from work: those with an easy commute tend to (i)<u>______</u>, while those who hate their commute think and speak of it as a core affliction, like a [[chronic]] illness. Once you raise the subject, the testimonies pour out, and, if your ears are tuned to it, you begin overhearing commute talk everywhere. People who are normally (ii)<u>______</u>may, when describing their commutes, be unexpectedly(iii)<u>______</u>divulging the intimate details of their lives.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. [[grumble]]|D. [[inattentive]]|G. candid in|
|B. [[commiserate]]|E. [[garrulous]]|H. economical in|
|C. gloat|F. [[circumspect]]|I. flustered about|

7. Every illness is a story, and when Annies began it was characterized by the kinds of <u>______</u> details that mean nothing until seen in hindsight.

A. salient
B. unexceptional
C. conspicuous
D. suggestive
E. abundant
F. [[nondescript]]

8. Peoples decisions about childbearing depend on innumerable personal consideration and societal factors, yet even knowing this, demographers are often <u>______</u>: their projections of birth rates frequently turn out to be embarrassingly at odds with reality.

A. sanguine
B. [[flummox]]ed
C. inconsistent
D. overconfident
E. heartened
F. confounded

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">9.</mark> The brain has become, for many people, <u>______</u> the biological [[machination]]s of the self, and the self-knowledge promised by neuroscience has ignited a hunger to understand how new findings weigh in on age-old questions.

A. tantamount to
B. synonymous with
C. implicated in
D. divorced from
E. detached from
F. [[subservient]] to

10. Although scientific progress leads to constant revision of ideas, one observation that has remained <u>______</u> over the years is that there are a lot of insects in the world: some 950,000 species have been identified.

A. robust
B. significant
C. strong
D. perplexing
E. confounding
F. obscure
  
## section 71 median

1. The monitoring is not <u>______</u>: on the contrary, the defendant and his or her attorney are required to be given notice of the governments listening activities.

A. obtrusive
B. circumspect
C. surreptitious
D. adroit
E. meticulous

2. When studying human history, one must be aware that the <u>______</u> between historical periods are arbitrary; certainly none of the people alive at the time were aware of a shift from one era to another.

A. judgements
B. ideologies
C. innovations
D. demarcations
E. episodes

3. Memoirs are inherently (i)<u>______</u>, but Larry McMurtry’s volume of reminiscences about his life with books—not as a novelist but as a reader and bookstore owner—is especially (ii)<u>______</u>: nearly every page sounds a note of [[farewell]] to an age of books that he sees as passing.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. unreliable|D. [[whimsical]]|
|B. wistful|E. [[ungracious]]|
|C. self-serving|F. [[valedictory]]|

4. Federal efforts to regulate standards on educational achievements have been met by (i)<u>______</u> from the states; local governments feel that government imposition represents an undue infringement on their (ii)<u>______</u>.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. receptivity|D. autonomy|
|B. intransigence|E. legislation|
|C. compromise|F. comportment|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark> A minor criticism of the book, which is (i)<u>______</u> an understanding of the difficulty of doing direct research in Hong Kong’s, is that So relied on secondary sources to tell the story of Hong Kong’s political development, with previous histories of the period (ii)<u>______</u> his research. Given So’s (iii)<u>______</u> many of the players in Hong Kong politics, it is surprising that he did not use interviews and other forms of direct research to delve further into the motivations, strategies, and tactics of participants.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. attributable to|D. largely debunked by|G. deference to|
|B. exacerbated by|E. obviating the need for|H. estrangement from|
|C. tempered by|F. playing a large role in|I. proximity to|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">6.</mark> Recent proposals for fixing the climate have taken the form of large-scale geoengineering projects such as launching mirrors into space to reflect solar radiation away from Earth, undertakings that are vastly more (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u>than anything a nineteenth-century rainmaker could have cooked up. What is unclear, as one looks back at the history of weather modification research, is whether this resourceful ambition will be (ii)<u>______</u>, or if, by contrast, it serves to make the scientific community’s (iii)<u>______</u>that much more devastating.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. effective|D. anticipated|G. [[avidity]]|
|B. enterprising|E. challenged|H. [[impotence]]|
|C. accessible|F. productive|I. resignation|

7. We do not always use words in accordance with their dictionary definitions, for meaning often fluctuates with context: that does not mean, however, that we are completely <u>______</u> in how we use language.

A. rote
B. unconstrained
C. irrational
D. unpredictable
E. free
F. methodical

8. Today the chair of task force in charge of revising the psychiatric diagnostic manual is <u>______</u> post—people work for years to position themselves as candidates—but in the early 1970s, descriptive psychiatry was a [[backwater]].

A. a [[covet]]ed
B. an arduous
C. a [[taxing]]
D. a lucrative
E. an enviable
F. an influential

9. The astronomer admits that his interpretation of so-called Population III stars is<u>______</u>at present since no one has yet done any real calculations to see if it holds up under closer scrutiny.

A. spurious
B. speculative
C. predictive
D. conjectural
E. fabricated
F. implausible

10. Excessive focus on what might have been can cause in us feelings of restlessness and regret, but some scientists are beginning to think that fancying an alternative reality might have effects as well.

A. subtle
B. adverse
C. restorative
D. pleasurable
E. unfavorable
F. tonic

## section 72 median

1.  Although his friends insisted that his black garb was simply depressing, Peter felt just the opposite—that it gave him an air of upbeat, <u>______</u> maturity.

A.  [[melancholic]]
B.  wearisome
C.  salacious
D.  [[aghast]]
E.  [[urbane]]

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">2.</mark>  The actor’s performance was so absurdly <u>______</u> that Gwen felt a little ashamed to have to resort to tissues in the final scene.

A.  [[proficient]]
B.  unfeasible
C.  [[seditious]]
D.  [[maudlin]]
E.  accommodating

3.  To contrast the [[demeanor]] of Austen’s clergy-man brothers James and Henry with that of Mr. Collins, the much-abused figure of fun in Pride and Prejudice, is instructive, for where the Austen brothers were properly (i)<u>______</u> to their social superiors and benevolent to their dependents, the [[odious]] Mr. Collins was invariably (ii)<u>______</u> to his betters, fawning in particular on his patron, Lady Catherine de Burgh.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. deferential|D. derivative|
|B. similar|E. sycophantic|
|C. jejune|F. atypical|

4.  The company president’s reputation for unflappability could easily be understood upon observing her (i)<u>______</u> performance during a particularly (ii)<u>______</u> board meeting.

|   |   |
|---|---|
|A. supercilious|D. productive|
|B. histrionic|E. contentious|
|C. composed|F. lifeless|

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">5.</mark>  Women in the mining towns of the American West were strictly [[stereotype]]d into neat categories of public and private, good and bad, but the 100 [[intrepid]] female prospectors in Zanjani’s book managed to (i)<u>______</u><u>______</u> those categories. In addition to providing documentation that demolishes the all-male version of prospecting, Zanjani uses the examples of her female loners to (ii)<u>______</u> some of the (iii)<u>______</u> generalizations about Euro-American women as uniformly nurturant and sociable pioneers.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. inhabit|D. puncture|G. accurate|
|B. reveal|E. invent|H. [[facile]]|
|C. confound|F. perpetuate|I. unknown|

6.  The usual (i)<u>______</u>spending public monies on scientific projects is that such projects have the potential to make our lives healthier, safer, and more productive. However, the fact that science – even “pure” science – can strengthen democracy and promote public participation in the political process is hardly ever (ii)<u>______</u>. It should be Scientific literacy (iii)<u>______</u>democracy, and this is an important ancillary benefit of the promotion of science.

|   |   |   |
|---|---|---|
|A. argument against|D. denied|G. stifles|
|B. rationale for|E. mentioned|H. energizes|
|C. precedent for|F. gainsaid|I. disregards|

7.  The territory’s tradition of simple and low taxes, combined with a comparatively easygoing government, has earned it the <u>______</u> of its citizens and is widely seen as a main reason for its stunning rise to prosperity.

A.  [[opprobrium]]
B.  [[vituperation]]
C.  attention
D.  dismissal
E.  approbation
F. [[adulation]]

8.  Although the parents do not think highly of the educational system “as a whole”, they fail to treat teachers with <u>______</u> equally.

A.  consideration
B.  veneration
C.  lucubration
D.  opprobrium
E.  reverence
F. disdain

9.  Economic growth has been identified as a <u>______</u> for poor countries to [[eradicate]] poverty, but this prescription also triggers great environmental concerns.

A.  [[panacea]]
B.  refuge
C.  remedy
D.  heaven
E.  culprit
F. recipe

10.  In mathematics, judgments about the validity of proofs are mediated by peer-reviewed journals; to ensure <u>______</u>, reviewers are carefully chosen by journal editors, and the identity of scholars whose papers are under consideration are kept secret.

A.  timelessness
B.  originality
C.  fairness
D.  comprehensiveness
E.  objectivity
F. novelty
  
time: 13'16''