---
created: 2023-08-12 00:04:51
updated: 2023-08-12 00:04:55
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P41-50
---

# passage 41
By far the most popular United States literature of its time was a body of now-neglected novels written between 1820 and 1870 by, for, and about women. According to Nina Baym, who has termed this genre “woman’s fiction,” the massive popularity of these novels claimed a place for women in the writing profession. The novels chronicle the experiences of women who, beset with hardships, find within themselves qualities of intelligence, will, resourcefulness, and courage sufficient to overcome their obstacles. According to Baym, the genre began with Catharine Sedgwick’s New-England Tale (1822), manifested itself as the best-selling reading matter of the American public in the unprecedented sales of Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World (1850), and remained a dominant fictional type until after 1870. The critical, as opposed to popular, reception of these novels in their own time was mixed. Theoretical opposition by those who saw fiction as a demoralizing and corrupting influence was by no means dead in mid-nineteenth-century America, and popular successes naturally bore a significant proportion of the attack. The moralistic tone of much woman’s fiction did not placate these antagonists; on the contrary, many clerical opponents of the novel thought that women were trying to take over the clergy’s functions and hence attacked all the more fiercely. Similarly, some male authors, disgruntled by the emergence of great numbers of women writers, expressed contempt for the genre.

On the other hand, the women had a powerful ally—their publishers, who not only put these works into print but advertised them widely and enthusiastically. Some few reviewers wrote about these works with attention and respect, distinguishing between the works of the different authors and identifying individual strengths and weaknesses. These approving contemporary critics were particularly alert to each writer’s contribution to the depiction of American social life, especially to regional differences in manners and character types. On the whole, however, even these laudatory critics showed themselves uninterested in the stories that this fiction told, or in their significance.

Baym acknowledges that these novels are telling—with variations--a single familiar tale, and correctly notes that this apparent lack of artistic innovation has been partly responsible for their authors’ exclusion from the canon of classic American writers traditionally studied in university literature courses. Baym points out, however, that unlike such male contemporaries as Nathaniel Hawthorne, these women did not conceive of themselves as “artists,” but rather as professional writers with work to do and a living to be made from fulfilling an obligation to their audience. This obligation included both entertainment and instruction, which are not, says Baym, at odds with one another in these books, nor is entertainment the sweet coating on a didactic pill. Rather, the lesson itself is an entertainment: the central character’s triumph over adversity is profoundly pleasurable to those readers who identify with her.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with


A.	summarizing the major contributions of two influential writers
B.	describing and commenting on a group of literary works
C.	summarizing the major events of a period of literary history
D.	contrasting two types of literary works from the same era
E.	arguing for the adopting of several neglected literary works into university curriculums

2.	The author of the passage cites Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World most probably as an example of a woman’s novel that
A.	had more advanced artistic elements than many of its type
B.	attracted an excessive amount of critical attention
C.	was found to be inappropriately moralistic by many members of the clergy
 
阅读机经350篇
D.	was significant as an indicator of the genre’s popularity
E.	signaled the gradual decline of the size of the genre’s audience

3.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about the members of the clergy mentioned in the first paragraph?
A.	They also opposed works of fiction that were outside the genre of woman’s fiction.
B.	They opposed journalism as well as imaginative writing.
C.	Their influence reached its pinnacle in the mid-nineteenth century.
D.	They were unable to obtain the support of other critics for their views.
E.	Their attacks on the genre of the novel did not extend to novels written by male writers.

4.	Which of the following can be inferred from the passage concerning the majority of the nineteenth-century reviewers of woman’s fiction?
A.	They considered the position taken by the clergy in regard to woman’s fiction self-serving.
B.	They did not make fine distinctions between different authors.
C.	They placed a higher value on plot than on social significance.
D.	They subscribed to the view of writers as purveyors of popular entertainment rather than as artists
E.	They regarded woman’s fiction as high as publishers did
# passage 42
Carolina Hospital notes that Cuban-American writers who write primarily in English are dismissed from anthologies and analyses of Cuban exile literature on that account. She argues that since these writers were born in Cuba and consider themselves Cuban writers, they should not be ignored, and maintains that they represent a new phase of Cubanness, one that is expressed in the language comfortable to its writers—English. Moreover, another critic notes that the Spanish and English traditions of Cuban-American writing have different but equally viable functions. The English branch seeks to create a distinctive culture of Cuban roots in the United States, whereas the Spanish branch wishes to preserve a specifically Cuban culture while seeking affiliation with the canon of Latin American letters.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	Hospital, as presented in the passage, would probably agree with which of the following statements about Cuban-American writing?


A.	For Cuban-American writers, writing in English is not irreconcilable with Cuban identity.
B.	All Cuban-American writers are generally recognized as contributing to Cuban exile literature.
C.	It is appropriate for anthologies of Cuban exile literature to include works written both in Spanish and in English.

2.	In the context in which it appears, “comfortable” most nearly means
A.	prosperous
B.	sufficient
C.	agreeable
D.	restful
E.	painless
# passage 43
Constant variations in the amount of sunlight available on Earth at any given location make energy storage a necessary design feature of terrestrial solar-energy systems. For systems transforming solar to thermal energy, the thermal energy may be stored in matter as either latent heat or sensible heat. Latent heat is absorbed or released whenever matter changes phase, as when matter changes from liquid to gas, for example, or from gas to liquid. Large heat capacities are associated with certain materials, like salts, but in any substance this storage is available only at the unique fixed temperature at which the particular phase transition occurs in that substance. Moreover, materials that have transitions at the temperatures that terrestrial solar-energy systems are likely to encounter are usually destructively corrosive at those temperatures. The storage of sensible heat, on the other hand, allows flexibility as to temperature, in addition, safe substances like water and most rocks have large sensible heat capacities.

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to discuss which of the following?
A.	reasons for the necessity for developing solar-energy systems
B.	different ways of storing solar energy as heat
C.	new designs for devices that collect solar energy
D.	procedures for transferring thermal energy between materials
E.	differences between capacities of solids and liquids to store sensible heat

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, solar-energy systems located on Earth must store energy for which of the following reasons?
A.	At any given location on Earth, the amount of sunlight available frequently changes.
B.	The operation of such systems depends on devices that require a power source other than solar energy
C.	Demand for the energy produced by such systems varies in unpredictable ways

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.	The author suggests that which of the following constitutes a potential disadvantage of using latent heat for energy storage?
A.	The circumstances under which phase transitions occur would limit the versatility of latent heat as a storage method.
B.	The supply of substances that possess the properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage is dwindling.
C.	The properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage are found in substances that have other, undesirable properties.
# passage 44
Exotic insect pests can produce both short-and long-term effects on forest ecosystems. Short- term effects include the disturbances directly associated with the action of the pest, which may cause the defoliation, loss of vigor, or death of trees. Long-term effects are primarily mediated by changes in tree species composition and the consequent alterations of forest structure, productivity, and nutrient uptake. Exotic pests are more efficient than most abiotic disturbances (e.g., fire or wind) at producing long-term changes in species composition. Pests often target specific tree species and, if they become established, they usually remain as permanent components of the ecosystem. Shifts in forest species composition ramify through the ecosystem in many ways because tree species have different, often unique properties.


Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The passage mentions which of the following as effects of exotic pests on forest ecosystems?
A.	decreased vitality in trees
B.	defoliation of trees
C.	changes in forest structure

2.	The author of the passage mentions the “unique properties” of tree species primarily in order to help explain
A.	why pests tend to target specific tree species
B.	why pests can have long-term effects on entire ecosystems
C.	how pests contribute to shifts in forest species composition
D.	how pests are able to become established in an ecosystem
E.	how some tree species are able to withstand the effects of pests


# passage 45
For centuries, oak was the wood of choice for European shipbuilders. However, toward the end of the eighteenth century, as British oak supplies grew scarce, shipbuilders there turned to teak and found in it an ideal substitute. Other woods expand and contract at different rates than oak, so repairs to oak ships done with those woods split or leak. Only teak matches oak’s expansion coefficient and stays watertight. It is unmatched in its resistance to rot and pests, and its oils even protect nails against corrosion. Moreover, it was one of two important tropical hardwoods (with Central American mahogany) that dried light enough to float downriver--the only way to transport timber in quantity from the inland jungles where it grew.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	It can be inferred from the passage that an advantage of teak over mahogany is that teak is:


A.	more compatible with the materials in existing ships.
B.	less susceptible to rot and pests
C.	available in greater quantities in inland jungles

2.	In the context in which it appears, ‘turned to” most nearly means
A.	rotated
B.	resorted to
C.	deflected from
D.	reverted to
E.	revolved around

# passage 46
For the first time, funding for designing experiments to be conducted during space flights has been made available by the government space program to university biologists not already employed by the space program. From the fact that little interest has been expressed in this offer, however, it cannot be concluded that virtually the only biologists interested in research that such experiments could address are those biologists already employed by the space program, since 	.

Which of the following most logically completes the argument given?
A.	relatively few of the biologists already employed by the space program have ever held university positions
B.	there are more research biologists in industry than at universities
C.	biologists are not the only scientists interested in research that could be furthered by the opportunity to conduct experiments in space
D.	the space program employs only a small percentage of the research biologists employed by the government
E.	much of the biological research currently funded by the government’s space program is concerned with the biological effects of a weightless environment


# passage 47
From the 1880s to the 1930s, the textile industry in Japan employed over half of all workers, most of them in the three major branches of silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving.
Because the branches were highly diverse—in scale, skill requirements, and technology— historians traditionally have analyzed them separately. However, the workforces of all three were drawn primarily from the same population: young, mostly rural women aged 10 to 25. Noting this commonality, Hunter argues that a consideration of the three branches of production together is long overdue: examining elements common to the different branches of textile production may, she asserts, permit the identification of gender-based factors that may have influenced the operation of the Japanese female labor market as a whole.
1.	Which of the following does the passage cite as an explanation for historians’ traditional analysis of the Japanese textile industry?


A.	a common workforce population across all branches of textile manufacturing
B.	similarities in the skills required for silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving
C.	the importance of the textile industry to the Japanese economy as a whole
D.	the high number of female factory workers employed within the textile industry
E.	differences in the technology used in the three major branches of textile production

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred that Hunter regards which of the following to be a shortcoming of historians’ traditional analyses discussed in the passage?
A.	their failure to examine factors common to the three different branches of Japanese textile production
B.	their separation of the Japanese textile industry into three major branches based on differences in scale, skill requirements, and technology
C.	their failure to acknowledge the contribution made by rural women to the different branches of the textile industry

# passage 48
When studying shrimp feeding from hydro-thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean, biologists were surprised that the shrimps’ reproductive cycles followed seasonal patterns. Far beyond the reach of sunlight, and with food abundant around the vents all year round, why should such animals reproduce seasonally? The answer might involve their offspring, which in their larval form drift in the currents to colonize new vents. The larvae must feed during their trip, and their springtime release coincides with a peak in algae raining down from surface waters. So far, researchers have found no evidence of seasonal breeding among vent-dwelling species that provide their offspring with yolk to sustain them or among vent-dwelling species found in areas of the ocean with not seasonal algae blooms.
Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?

A.	It casts doubt on the accuracy of earlier observations of seasonal breeding among shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
B.	It undermines the explanation proposed for seasonal breeding among some shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
C.	It suggests that alternative theories are needed to explain seasonal breeding among shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
D.	It describes the survival benefits to shrimp of mating in parts of the ocean where algae blooms rain down abundantly.
E.	It supports the explanation proffered for the seasonal breeding observed among some shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.

# passage 49
There is mounting evidence that the frequency and magnitude of landsliding is changing in many parts of the world in response to climate change. This is not surprising, given that precipitation is one of the two external triggering mechanisms--the other being seismic activity--involved in the formation of landslides. Evidence from the past clearly indicates that cycles of elevated landslide activity have been followed by cycles of low activity, and that these are correlated with climate fluctuations over a variety of timescales.

What sets current changes in landslide activity apart is the likely influence of anthropogenic [i.e., human-caused] factors, either acting alone or in concert with climate, which can further modify the process of landsliding and the nature of ecosystem responses. Among these factors, deforestation and land-use change have the potential to influence the frequency and magnitude of landsliding because of their direct effects on vegetation attributes that influence slope stability. The extent and conditions under which mountain ecosystems are resilient to these changes--that is, the amount of disturbance they can absorb before changing into states with different structure and function--are not known. Addressing this issue is crucial for the long-term conservation of mountainscapes.

1.	The author of the passage cites “evidence from the past” in order to
A.	support a partial explanation
B.	concede a potential objection
C.	dismiss an apparent counterexample
D.	highlight a scientific consensus
E.	account for a historical anomaly

2.	The passage makes which of the following claims?
A.	A rise in precipitation resulting from human factors has increased the frequency and magnitude of landsliding.
B.	Human factors have led to greater changes in landsliding activity than have cyclical climate fluctuations.
C.	Decreases in landsliding activity have historically been accompanied by changes in climate.
D.	Slope stability is more influenced by seismic activity than it is by human factors
E.	Changes in land-use patterns in mountain ecosystems are generally correlated with changes in climate.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.	The author of the passage suggests which of the following about the role of human factors in landsliding activity?
A.	Human factors can intensify or alter the effects of climate change on landsliding activity.
B.	It is likely that human factors affect landsliding activity more than climate change does.
C.	Until recently, human factors did not have much impact on landsliding activity.
# passage 50
There have been numerous well-documented extinctions of indigenous species caused by the introduction of non-indigenous predators and pathogens. However, surprisingly few extinctions of indigenous species can be attributed to competition from introduced species. For example, during the past 400 years, 4,000 plant species have been introduced into North America, and these non-indigenous plants currently account for nearly 20 percent of North America’s plant species. Yet no evidence exists that any indigenous North American plant species became extinct as a result of competition from new species could mean that such extinctions take longer to occur than scientists initially believed or, alternatively, that extinctions are rarely caused by competition from non-indigenous species.

1.	The passage is concerned primarily with
A.	pointing out that a particular type of species extinction is rarely known to occur.
B.	proposing a possible explanation for conflicting data about a particular type of species extinction.
C.	resolving a debate about the frequency of a particular type of species extinction.
D.	comparing two theories regarding possible causes of a particular type of species extinction.
E.	refuting a proposed explanation for the increasingly rare occurrence of a particular type of species extinction.

2.	The author introduces statistics about North America’s non-indigenous plant species primarily in order to
A.	undermine a proposed explanation for the absence of any evidence for the occurrence of a particular phenomenon
B.	contrast the effect of introduced plant species in North America with the effect that introduced animal species have had
C.	suggest that North America’s indigenous plants are a domain in which there has been ample scope for a particular effect to have occurred
D.	emphasize how much the ecology of North America has been affected over the past 400 years by the introduction of non-indigenous species
E.	substantiate a claim about the overall effect that the introduction of non-indigenous species tends to have on indigenous populations
