---
created: 2023-08-12 00:02:24
updated: 2023-08-13 21:27:40
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P31-40
---

# Passage 31
Scientific consensus is that humans first began to have a warming effect on Earth’s climate within the past century, after coal-burning factories, power plants, and motor vehicles began releasing carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases in significant quantities into the air. <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">However, evidence suggests that human agricultural activities may have had such an effect much earlier</mark>: concentrations of CO2 started rising about 8000 years ago, even though natural trends indicate they should have been dropping; methane levels rose similarly about 3,000 years later. Without these rises, however, current temperatures in northern parts of North America and Europe would be cooler by three to four degrees Celsius-enough to inhibit agriculture-and an ice age would probably have begun several thousand years ago in northeastern Canada.

reading time: 1'22''

1.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It undermines the assumption that human activity has had a significant impact on Earth’s climate
B.	It supports the assumption that Earth’s temperatures have risen appreciably over the past 100 years
C.	It questions the assumption that greenhouse gases have had a warming effect on Earth's climate
D.	It challenges the assumption that human activity began to affect Earth’s climate after the advent of industrialization
E.	It supports the assumption that greenhouse gases are a direct by-product of industrial activities

2.	The author mentions “natural trends” most likely in order to
A.	propose a possible explanation for why current temperatures in North America and Europe are not as low as they might otherwise be
B.	explain why levels of methane in Earth's atmosphere began to rise approximately 5,000 years ago
C.	suggest that Earth’s climate would have become even warmer without the advent of human agricultural activities
D.	identify factors that may have contributed to the rise of greenhouse gases in Earth’s atmosphere approximately 8,000 years ago and again some 3,000 years later
E.	support the claim that human activity may have played a role in the rise in CO2 and methane levels in the atmosphere thousands of years ago
time: 2'34''
# Passage 32
Princessfish are a species of coral-reef fish that are captured alive by divers who first [[stun]] the individual fish by squirting a certain poison at them. Since the divers limit their catch to a few individuals and take care not to overfish, the divers’ continuing activities will clearly not result in serious harm to populations of princessfish.

Which of the following, if true, most seriously weaken the argument given?
A.	Princessfish cannot be captured alive by traditional methods of fishing.
B.	The poison used to stun the princessfish has no effect on humans who eat them.
C.	Demand for princessfish has remained steady during the last decade.
D.	Traces of the poison that remain in the seawater damage the Corals that create and maintain the reefs on which princessfish depend.
E.	Fish that have been stunned but have selected for capture by the divers soon recover from the temporary effect of the poison.


time: 1'46''

# Passage 33
A primary value in early twentieth-century Modernist architectural theory was that of “truth to materials”, that is, it was essential that a building’s design express the “natural” character of the building materials. This emphasis would have puzzled the architects of the Italian Renaissance (sixteenth century), a period widely regarded as the apex of architectural achievement, for Renaissance architects’ designs were determined only minimally by the materials employed. The diversity of Italy’s natural resources provided Renaissance architects with a wide variety of building materials. The builders of the Pitti Palace (1558-1570) used great blocks of Tuscan stone, just as Etruscans living in the same part of Italy had done some twenty centuries earlier. Had the Florentine Renaissance builders aped the Etruscan style, it might be said that their materials determined their style, since Etruscan style matched the massive, stark, solid character of the stone. But these same materials, which so suited the massive Etruscan style, were effectively used by the Florentine Renaissance to create the most delicate and graceful of styles.

A similar example of identical materials used in contrasting styles characterizes the treatment of Roman travertine marble. When Baroque architects of seventeenth-century Rome desired a massive and solid monumental effect, they turned to travertine marble, whose “natural effect” is, indeed, that of spacious breadth and lofty, smoothly rounded surfaces. Yet during the Renaissance, this same material had been used against its “nature,” in the Florentine tradition of sharply carved detail. Italian Renaissance architecture was shaped less by the “nature” of the materials at hand than by the artistic milieu of Renaissance Italy, which included painting and sculpture as well as architecture. While Roman travertine marble may have lent itself to fine carving, the Florentine passion for fine detail is no less marked in Florentine Renaissance painting than in Florentine Renaissance architecture. Similarly, in the next century, the emphasis on shading and corporeal density in Baroque painting mirrored the use of Roman travertine marble in Baroque architecture to create broad shadow and powerful masses.

The ingenuity of Renaissance architects extended beyond merely using a material in a way not suggested by its outward natural appearance. If they conceived a design that called for a certain material either too expensive or difficult to work with, they made no scruple about imitating that material. Their marbles and their stones are often actually painted stucco. When the blocks of masonry with which they built were not in scale with the projected scheme, the real joints were concealed and false ones introduced. Nor were these practices confined, as some scholars insist, to the later and supposedly decadent phases of the art. Material, then, was utterly subservient to style.

reading time : 4'47''

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	explaining the differences in quality among different kinds of building materials
B.	discussing the differences among Etruscan, Florentine Renaissance, and Roman Baroque architecture
C.	describing how different materials influenced architecture in different cities
D.	describing the manner in which Renaissance architects often resorted to artificial materials and illusionistic effects
E.	demonstrating the attitude of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century Italian architects toward the use of building materials

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the author believes that which of the following is true of painting and architecture of the Baroque era?
A.	Both emphasize the “natural” use of materials.
B.	Both are derived from the Florentine Renaissance style.
C.	Both have been overlooked by twentieth-century Modernists.
D.	They have certain visual features in common.
E.	They illustrate the degeneration of a style.

3.	The author’s mention of Florentine Renaissance painting serves in the context of the passage to support which of the following assertions?
A.	The constraints that operate in architecture are different from those that operate in painting
B.	Florentine architectural style was not determined by the nature of the available marble.
C.	The Florentine Renaissance period was a period in which the other arts achieved the same distinction as did architecture.
D.	Technical advances in all of the arts of the Florentine Renaissance determined the stylistic qualities of those arts.
E.	Native preferences of style do not manifest themselves in the same ways in different arts.

4.	The passage suggests which of the following about the cited “scholars”?
A.	They believe that a decadent phase is characteristic of any significant artistic movement.
B.	They reject the popular view of the Renaissance as the apex of architectural achievement.
C.	They believe that a vigorous and healthy architecture would not usually employ false surfaces or imitation building materials.
D.	They represent the mainstream in critical and historical thought about the Florentine Renaissance.
E.	They have focused on such technical matters as the cost of building materials rather than on artistic concerns.

time: 11'09''

# Passage 34
Archaeologists studying Bonito phase (ca. A.D. 900-1140) Native American ceramics from Chaco Canyon, New Mexico, observed that many pots had been altered after firing to revise their decorative designs--usually, intricate geometric patterns painted in black on white slipped surfaces. In some cases, a new design was imposed over an earlier one; less often, the original design was simply covered with white slip. Crown and Wills doubt that the alterations were made to correct design errors. Many Chaco pots with design errors were left unaltered. Furthermore, when errors were corrected, revisions were made prior to firing— either by painting directly over the error or by scraping off designs and applying new slip and paint, which is a less time-consuming method than repainting and refiring flawed pots.

time: 1'26''

1.	The author of the passage mentions Crown and Wills primarily in order to

A.	Distinguish among different factors that might have caused Chaco potters to alter their pots’ decorative designs.
B.	Introduce new evidence related to the question of why Chaco potters altered their pots’ decorative designs.
C.	Show how one potential explanation for the alteration of Chaco pots has been discounted.
D.	Present a hypothesis about why Chaco pots were altered to revise their decorative designs.
E.	Explain how archaeologists discerned the method by which Chaco pots were originally decorated.

2.	According to the passage, which of the following is true of Bonito phase Chaco pots?
A.	Relatively few of them have original designs concealed beneath white surfaces.
B.	Relatively few of them were altered after firing.
C.	Many of their alterations increased the intricacy of their painted designs.
D.	Many of them have some flaw in their shape or structure.
E.	Many of them were altered more than once.

time: 2'55''
# Passage 35
Architectural morphology is the study of how shifting cultural and environmental conditions produce changes in an architectural form. When applied to the mission churches of New Mexico exemplifying seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Spanish colonial architecture in what is now the southwestern United States, architectural morphology reveals much about how Native American culture transformed the traditional European church architecture of the Spanish missionaries who hoped to convert Native Americans to Christianity.

Many studies of these mission churches have carefully documented the history and design of their unique architectural form, most attribute the churches’ radical departure from their sixteenth-century European predecessors to local climate and a less-mechanized building technology. Certainly, the limitations imposed by manual labor and the locally available materials of mud-brick and timber necessitated a divergence from the original European church model. However, the emergence of a church form suited to life in the Southwest was rooted in something more fundamental than material and technique. The new architecture resulted from cultural forces in both the Spanish colonial and indigenous Native American societies, each with competing ideas about form and space and different ways of conveying these ideas symbolically.

For example, the mission churches share certain spatial qualities with the indigenous kiva,a round, partly subterranean room used by many Southwest Native American communities for important rituals. Like the kiva it was intended to replace, the typical mission church had thick walls of adobe (sun-dried earth and straw), a beaten-earth floor, and one or two small windows. In deference to European custom, the ceilings of these churches were higher than those of the traditional kiva. However, with the limited lighting afforded by their few small windows, these churches still suggest the kiva's characteristically low, boxlike, earth-hugging interior. Thus, although pragmatic factors of construction may have contributed to the shape of the mission churches, as earlier studies suggest, the provision of a sacred space consistent with indigenous traditions may also have been an important consideration in their design.

The continued viability of the kiva itself in Spanish mission settlements has also been underestimated by historians. Freestanding kivas discovered in the ruins of European-style missionary communities have been explained by some historians as examples of “superposition”. Under this theory, Christian domination over indigenous faiths is dramatized by surrounding the kiva with Christian buildings. However, as James Ivey points out, such superposition was unlikely, since historical records indicate that most Spanish missionaries, arriving in the Southwest with little or no military support, wisely adopted a somewhat conciliatory attitude toward the use of the kiva at least initially. This fact, and the careful, solitary placement of the kiva in the center of the mission-complex courtyards, suggests an intention to highlight the importance of the kiva rather than to diminish it.

time: 4'11

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	The primary purpose of the passage is to

A.	correct some misinterpretations about the development of an architectural form
B.	compare the traditional church architectures of two different cultures
C.	examine the influence of a religious architectural style on secular buildings
D.	explain the nature of the contrast between two different architectural styles
E.	trace the European roots of an architectural style used in the United Stales

2.	The passage suggests that the indicated historians regarded the placement of kivas in the midst of Christian buildings as which of the following?
A.	exemplary of an arrangement of religious buildings typical of a kind of Native American architecture common prior to the arrival of the Spanish
B.	largely responsible for the evolution of a distinctive Spanish mission architectural style
C.	indicative of the Spanish missionaries’ desire to display an attitude of acceptance toward the kiva
D.	symbolic of the controversy among Spanish missionaries in New Mexico regarding their treatment of the indigenous population
E.	reflective of the Spanish missionary’s desire to diminish the kiva's importance

<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">3.</mark>	Which of the following, if true, would most strengthen the argument about the Spanish missionaries’ attitude toward the kiva?
A.	The period of most intensive settlement by Spanish missionaries in the Southwest occurred before the period in which the mission churches of New Mexico were built.
B.	There are no traces of kivas in Spanish mission settlements that were protected by a large military presence.
C.	Little of the secular Spanish colonial architecture of the Southwest of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries is predominantly European in style.
D.	Some Spanish missionary communities of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were attached to Spanish military installations.
E.	New Mexico contains by far the largest concentration of Spanish mission-style church architecture in the United States.

4.	According to the passage, the building techniques prevailing in the Southwest during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries played a role in which of the following?
A.	preventing missionaries in the Southwest from duplicating traditional European churches
B.	influencing missionaries in the Southwest to incorporate a freestanding kiva into certain mission settlements
C.	causing missionaries in the Southwest to limit the building of churches to New Mexico only
D.	jeopardizing the viability of Spanish religious settlements throughout the Southwest
E.	encouraging many missionaries in the Southwest to reexamine the continued [[viability]] of a highly ceremonial European religious tradition

time: 8'40''

# Passage 36
Astronomers have had difficulty accounting for certain planets discovered outside our solar system. They are called hot Jupiters because each is similar in mass to Jupiter, the largest solar-system planet, but orbits its parent star at a fraction of the distance at which Earth, let alone Jupiter, orbits the Sun. In the standard, solar-system-based theory of planetary formation, such a massive planet could not form so close to a star. So most attempts to explain a hot Jupiter’s existence envision it forming farther away, then migrating inward.
According to one hypothesis, the planet’s gravitational field tugs on the protoplanetary disk of dust and gas from which it formed. The disk exerts its own gravitational tug, and this interplay of forces robs the planet of momentum in its orbital path, forcing it to spiral in toward the star. According to another hypothesis, the planet’s gravitational field is so strong that it creates a groove in the disk, partitioning it into inner and outer regions; the resulting gravitational interactions between the planet and these regions cause the planet to lose orbital momentum and spiral inward. Another question remains: what prevents the planet from continuing its spiral until it collides with the star?

reading time :2'03''

1.	The author of the passage mentions “Earth” primarily in order to 
A.stress the massive size of a hot Jupiter
B.	emphasize the proximity of a hot Jupiter to its parent star
C.	imply that hot Jupiters are unlikely to harbor extraterrestrial life
D.	point out differences between Earth and Jupiter with regard to their orbital distance from the Sun
E.	illustrate how hot Jupiters might fit into the standard theory of planetary formation

2.	Which of the following elements is part of one but not both of the hypotheses discussed in the passage?
A.	an interplay of gravitational forces
B.	a loss of orbital momentum
C.	a protoplanetary disk composed of dust and gas
D.	a protoplanetary disk divided into two regions.
E. the movement direction of hot Jupiters

3.	It can be inferred from the passage that the “attempts” share which of the following goals?
A.	to explain how a Jupiter-sized planet could form so close to its parent star.
B.	to explain what prevents a hot Jupiter from colliding with its parent star.
C.	to determine whether a hot Jupiter is formed from a protoplanetary disk of dust and gas.
D.	to determine whether a hot Jupiter’s gravitational field is strong enough to create a groove in its protoplantary disk
E.	to account for hot Jupiters in a way that is not inconsistent with the standard theory of planetary formation.

time: 4'42''

# Passage 37
Because the subject matter was so personal, the work of several prominent mid-twentieth century poets has been termed “confessional” poetry. But confession is a bad metaphor for what those poets did. The motive for confession is penitential or therapeutic—by speaking openly about personal guilt and suffering, the poet hopes to make them easier to bear. But these poets always approached their writing as artists, and their motive was aesthetic. Writing from experiences like madness, despair, and lust, their aim was to make effective art, not to cure themselves. To treat their poems mainly as documents of personal experience is not just to diminish the poets’ achievement, but to ignore their unanimous disdain for the idea of confessional poetry.

time: 1'28''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The author of the passage suggests that applying the term “confessional” to the work of the poets discussed
A.	is mistaken in what it seems to imply about the poets’ motivation
B.	might seem superficially appropriate given the subject matter of the poems
C.	is an error arising from the absence of any other convenient term.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	The passage implies that the poets discussed did NOT
A.	think that a poet’s motivation for writing was relevant in evaluating that poet’s work
B.	experience any relief of their personal suffering as a result of writing
C.	apply to their own work the label by which it has subsequently been know

time: 2'48''
# Passage 38
Astronomers who study planet formation once believed that comets—because they remain mostly in the distant Oort cloud, where temperatures are close to absolute zero—must be pristine relics of the material that formed the outer planets. The conceptual shift away from seeing comets as pristine relics began in the 1970s, when laboratory simulations revealed there was sufficient ultraviolet radiation reaching comets to darken their surfaces and there were sufficient cosmic rays to alter chemical bonds or even molecular structure near the surface. Nevertheless, astronomers still believed that when a comet approached the Sun— where they could study it—the Sun’s intense heat would remove the corrupted surface layer, exposing the interior. About the same time, though, scientists realized comets might contain decaying radioactive isotopes that could have warmed cometary interiors to temperatures that caused the interiors to evolve.

time: 1'13''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	According to the passage, astronomers recognize which of the following as being liable to cause changes to comets?
A.	cosmic rays
B.	radioactive decay
C.	ultraviolet radiation

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	According to the passage, astronomers’ belief that comets are pristine relics was
A.	overturned by analysis of what happens when comets approach the Sun
B.	supported by what observations revealed about the composition of the outer planets
C.	based on consideration of the conditions that prevail where comets are located

3.	The author suggests that the realization described in the final sentence of the passage had which of the following effects?
A.	It introduced a new topic for study by astronomers interested in planetary formation.
B.	It led astronomers to adopt a number of different strategies in trying to determine the composition of cometary interiors.
C.	It called into question an assumption that astronomers had made about comets.
D.	It cast doubt on astronomers’ ability to study the interior parts of comets,
E.	It caused astronomers to revise their account of the composition of the outer planets.

4.	It can be inferred that the author would agree with which of the following statements about the “laboratory simulations”?
A.	The simulations showed that despite the low temperatures in the Oort cloud, there was sufficient energy there to alter comets.
B.	Astronomers were initially reluctant to accept what simulations showed about the composition of comets.
C.	The simulations themselves did not eliminate the possibility that comets contain pristine relics of material from the early solar system.


time: 4'23''

# Passage 39
Biologists studying wild monkeys sometimes need the genetic material DNA from a particular monkey to determine the animal's parentage. Until recently, DNA could be extracted only from blood. Collecting a blood sample required tranquilizing the donor animal. Now DNA can be extracted from hair. Monkeys shed large quantities of hair in places where they sleep. Therefore, researchers will now be able to determine the parentage of individual monkeys from DNA without tranquilizing the monkeys.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A.	The places in which monkeys sleep are easily accessible to researchers.
B.	Information about a particular monkey’s parentage is the only kind of information that can be determined from DNA that has been extracted from that monkey’s hair.
C.	For at least some samples of hair collected from monkey habitat it will be possible to associate hairs with the individual monkeys from which they came.
D.	Examining DNA is the only way to determine the parentage of wild monkeys.
E.	It will be necessary to obtain any hair samples used in determining a monkey’s parentage from a place where the monkey has slept.

time: 1'42''

# Passage 40
**Buell’s study of village sketches (a type of fiction popular in the United States in the 1830s and 1840s) provides a valuable summary of sketches that portray the community as homogeneous and fixed, but it ignores those by women writers, which typically depicted the diversity that increasingly characterized actual village communities at that time.** These women’s geographical [[mobility]] was restricted (although women writers of the time were not uniformly circumscribed in this way), and their subject matter reflected this fact. Yet their texts were enriched by what Gilligan, writing in a different context, has called the ability to attend to voices other than one’s own. To varying degrees, the women’s sketches portray differences among community members: all stress differences among men and among women (particularly the latter) as well as differences between the sexes, and some also depict cultural diversity. These writers represent community as dynamic, as something that must be negotiated and renegotiated because of its members’ divergent histories, positions, expectations, and beliefs.

reading time: 1'49''

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
<mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">1.</mark>	According to the passage, village sketches written by women in the United States in the 1830s and 1840s typically reflected
A.	the negotiations that characterized trade relationships between villages
B.	the fact that these women did not often travel very far beyond their own village
C.	the [[plurality]] of experiences and ideas that existed among the residents of a village

2.	Select the sentence in the passage that contrasts how men and women depicted life in village communities.

3.	The passage indicates that when Gilligan spoke of “the ability to attend to voices other than one’s own,” she
A.	did not consider that ability to be a desirable psychological characteristic
B.	did not believe that individuals differ greatly with respect to that ability
C.	was implying that that ability enhances a sense of belonging in communities
D.	was assuming that good writers are able to depict diverse characters
E.	was not discussing the women who wrote village sketches

time: 5'40''

---

# 答案

passage 31

1. 答案：D

解析：文章是典型驳论结构。首句是科学家共识：人类影响气候变化是最近的工业革命后才有的。However 转折后，作者论证说：8000 年前人类农业活动就已经开始影响气候。

    本句提问高亮句子是“However, evidence suggests that human agricultural activities may havehad such an effect much earlier”是相对于前一句“Scientific consensus is that humans first began to have a warming effect on Earth’s climate within the pastcentury, after coal-burning factories, power plants, and motor vehicles beganreleasing carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases in significant quantities into the air”而言的。虽然科学共识认为人类对气候变暖的影响从上世纪才开始，但实际上证据表明农业活动在很久以前就有相同的效果。所以选D。

2.答案：E

解析：定位到原文“concentrations ofCO2 started rising about 8000 years ago, even though natural trends indicate they should have been dropping”可知虽然根据 natural trends CO2 的浓度应该下降，但实际上它的浓度在 8000 年前开始上升。这一上升的效果是人类农业活动造成的，所以选 E。

passage 32

答案：D

解析：逻辑单题削弱题。文章理由是，潜水者通过喷射毒素的方式捕捉 princessfish。潜水者小心控制捕捞数量，文章结论是：潜水者的活动对于 princessfish 族群没有危害。D 选项说毒素会危害到 princessfish 赖以生存的珊瑚礁，而珊瑚礁是 princessfish 生存的生态系统，那么潜水者的捕捞活动对于 princessfish 就有可能产生有害影响，从而破坏结论。

passage 33

1. 答案：E

解析：文章的首段通过和现代艺术理论的对比，突出文艺复兴时期建筑特色：艺术风格不拘泥于建材本身的性质，并用 Etruscans 和 Florentine Renaissance builders 对 Tuscanstone 的运用做了对比：用来表达宏大主题的材料，文艺复兴建筑师用来表达精致优雅风格。第二段，前半段延续首段，通过另一案例，Baroque architects 和 Renaissance architecture 对 travertine marble 的运用的对比，说明同样材料用于不同风格。后半段介绍不同艺术种类之间风格的一致性，探究文艺复兴建筑风格的解释。

第三段，介绍 Renaissance architects 的“创造性”不仅局限于材料的使用方面。

该题问文章主旨，E 选项相对最准确本文的主旨是介绍意大利建筑师对于建筑材料的态度，对比时提到巴洛克建筑。A 选项 quality 概念偏离主题，B 选项 architecture 的概念太大，C 选项 different cities 偏离主题，D 选项仅仅针对末段内容。

2. 答案：D

解析：根据 painting andarchitecture of the Baroque era 定位到原文二段末：Similarly, in the next century, the emphasis on shading and corporeal density in Baroque painting mirrored the use of Roman travertine marble inBaroque architecture to create broad shadow and powerful masses. 该句直接表达的就是绘画和建筑风格的一致性，通过 similar 结合前句文艺复兴时期绘画与建筑风格的一致性，可以确定 D 选项。

3. 答案：C

解析：通过关键词定位到原文 While Roman travertine marble may have lent itself to fine carving, the Florentine passionfor fine detail is no less marked in Florentine Renaissance painting than in Florentine Renaissance architecture. 可确定 C 选项。B 选项有干扰性，但原文 Italian Renaissance architecture was shaped less by the “nature” of the materials at hand than by the artistic milieu of Renaissance Italy, which included painting and sculpture as well as architecture 表达的“被艺术氛围影响比被建筑材料影响更多”不能理解为“完全不受建筑材料影响”。

4. 答案：C

解析：根据“scholars”定位到原文“Nor were the sepractices confined, as some scholars insist, to the later and supposedly decadent phases of the art Material, then, was utterly subservient to style”，取非，可得 C 选项。

passage 34

1. 答案：C  

解析：文章首先提出观察到的现象：C 文化 B 时期的陶瓷制品有烧制后修改的痕迹。C 和 W 两人提出质疑，质疑修改是针对设计错误。理由：1 很多设计错误未改。2 烧制前改正更方便。

该题问作者提到 C 和 W 两人的目的。C 最准确，one potential explanation 就是潜在的“修改是针对设计错误”的解释，C 和 W 质疑该解释。D 选项不准确，文章没有提出正面的原因解释。

2. 答案：A

解析：A 选项根据原文：usually, intricate geometric patterns painted in black on white slipped surfaces…… less often, the original design was simply covered with white slip. 可知，更少设计被白色覆盖。

passage 35

1. 答案：A

解析：首段，首先介绍 Architecturalmorphology 概念，接着引入主题：建筑形态学应用到新墨西哥教会建筑，体现本土印第安文化对传统欧洲建筑的影响。二段，首先介绍很多研究的重点：强调气候、建筑技术等客观因素。However 转折后，作者强调文化因素的重要性。三段，用 kiva 的例子，支持二段转折后自己的观点：文化因素更重要。四段，纠正很多历史学家的错误认识，把 kiva 放在教会建筑群中间，不是历史学家理解的 superposition,而是 conciliatory attitude。问题考察文章大意。体会首段和四段，可以确定选 A。

2. 答案：E

解析：回到原文最后一段，“Freestanding kivas discovered in the ruins of European-style missionary communities have been explained by some historians as examples of “superposition”。Under this theory, Christian domination over indigenous faiths is dramatized by surrounding the kiva with Christian buildings”可知选 E。

3. 答案：B

解析：问题要求的是能够强化传教士对 kiva 的态度的论述。由文中可知 most Spanish missionaries, arriving in the Southwest with little or no military support, wisely adopted a somewhat conciliatory attitude toward the use of the kiva at least initially. This fact, and the careful, solitary placement of the kiva in the center of the mission-complex courtyards, suggests an intention to highlight the importance of the kiva rather than to diminish it. 让 kiva 位于教会建筑中间, 体现传教士采取了和解的态度，主要是因为传教区没有军事力量保护。求异法对比：有军事保护，没有 kiva 放在教会建筑中间。B 选项体现求异法对比思路。

4. 答案：A

解析：定位到原文“Certainly, the limitations imposed by manual labor and the locally available materials ofmud-brick and timber necessitated a divergence from the original European church model”说明建筑技术是导致这些教堂不同于欧式教堂的一个原因。所以选 A。

5. 答案：A

解析：细节目的题，根据题干关键词 James Ivey 定位到文章第四段 However 一句，as James Ivey points out...正如……典型举例因此相应内容为论据，逻辑关联词 however 表明其作用可以是支持对应论点也可以是作为论据驳斥前文论点，因此选 A，提出论据表明观点的不足（第四段第一句 historians 的观点）。

passage 36

1. 答案：B

解析：

文章首先引入 hot Jupiters 巨行星的特殊天文现象，标准的基于 solar-system 的理论认为 hot Jupiters 不可能直接产生于靠近恒星的位置，试图将其解释为：产生于距离恒星距离远的地方，迁移到靠近恒星的位置。一种解释为：该巨行星的引力场作用于其出身的前行星盘，前行星盘和该行星的相互引力使其失去动力，从而旋转向恒星。另一解释认为：该巨行星的引力场如此强大，以至于该行星在其出身的前行星盘上刻出凹槽 groove, 并把前行星盘分割成内外分区。该巨行星和内外分区的交互作用使得其失去动力，旋转向恒星。问题：是何力量阻止该巨行星继续旋转撞向恒星？

该题问细节目的，由关键词 Earth 定位到“They are called hot Jupiters because each is similar in mass to Jupiter, the largest solar-system planet, but orbits its parent star at a fraction of the distance at which Earth, let alone Jupiter, orbits the Sun”可知 hot Jupiters 得名于它们和木星的质量相似，同时它们与母恒星的距离较近。提到地球主要是强调与母星的距离很近，选 B

2. 答案：D

解析：问题要求选择一项两个解释中只有一种解释讨论过的要素。由两种解释区别可知选 D。C 选项 another hypothesis 提到了：it creates a groove in the disk, 该 disk 重复前文 one hypothesis 中 disk, 也是由 dust and gas 组成的。

3. 答案：E

解析：根据“attempts”定位到“In the standard, solar-system-based theory of planetary formation, such as a massive planet could not form so close to a star. So most attempts to explain a hot Jupiter’s existence envision it forming farther away, then migrating inward”，根据文章结构和后文内容可知之后解释都符合 standard theory of planetary formation，所以选 E。

passage 37

1. 答案：AB

解析：

文章是典型的转折结构。二句 but 转折前，几位二十世纪中期杰出诗人被冠以 confessional 标签。转折后，作者质疑该标签，认为这些诗人是艺术的，不是 confessional 的。

    该题需要选项定位。定位到原文“The motive forconfession is penitential or therapeutic……But these poets always approached their writing as artists, and theirmotive was aesthetic”可知A对；B说superficially appropriate是对的，因为作者转折后部分认可转折前称谓：Writing from experiences like madness, despair, and lust, their aim ……；C说是由于absence of anyother convenient term导致的错误，文中没有体现。

2. 答案：C  

解析：定位到原文“But these poets always approached their writing as artists, and their motive was aesthetic. Writing from experiences like madness, despair, and lust, their aim was to makeeffective art”可知诗人的动机对于诗歌的价值是有影响的，A 错；“Writing from experiences like madness, despair, and lust, their aim was to make effectiveart, not to cure themselves”，该句是作者认为的诗人的创作意图，不能理解为 B 选项：诗人在实际经验上没有任何完成后感受到的解脱，B 错；“……to ignore theirunanimous disdain for the idea of confessional poetry”说明这些诗人并不希望自己的是做被标上 confessional poetry 的标签，C 对。

passage 38

1. 答案：AC

解析：文章是典型的多层转折结构。文章开头介绍老观点：彗星曾经被认为是纯粹的形成外部行星的残留物。然后说 1970 年开始的新认识：紫外线放射足以使其表面不纯。Nevertheless 转折后，说，太阳的热度足以剥除彗星表面的不纯物质，意思是彗星仍然可是是纯粹的。文章最后说，彗星本身的放射性同位素足以使其内部演化，意思是彗星更可能是不纯的。

该题需要选项定位。定位到原文“ laboratory simulations revealed there was sufficient ultravioletradiation reaching comets to darken their surfaces and there were sufficientcosmic rays to alter chemical bonds or even molecular structure near thesurface”可知选 AC 选项正确。B 选项不正确，可以根据文章最后两句得知 scientists 和 astronomers 不是同一种人，所以 B 不能选。

2. 答案：C

解析：该题需要结合题干选项定位。A 选项说，overturned by analysis of what happens when….要求原文说的是实地研究证据，原文是 laboratory simulation 实验室模拟，A 错。B 选项，原文…… must be pristine relics of the material thatformed the outer planets 中，关于外部行星的物质组成，并不明确是否是观察揭示的，B 错。C 选项，原文“Astronomers whostudy planet formation once believed that comets—because they remain mostly in the distant Oort cloud, where temperatures are close to absolute zero—must bepristine relics of the material that formed the outer planets”是对星系外围物质的主观表述，是一种 consideration,可知 C 选项正确。

3.【新增题目】答案：C

解析：最后一句提到的 realization 是对前面提到的观点的质疑，前面提到是 Sun 使得 exposing the interior，而最后一句表明，decaying radioactive isotopes 也可能会导致 interiors to evolve。C 选项正确。

4. 【新增题目】答案：AC

解析：定位到第二句，不难选出 AC，本题 B 选项属于无中生有。

passage 39

1. 答案：C

解析：假设题。传统方法需要麻醉猴子采集血样判定 DNA，确定个体猴子亲属关系，新方法可以通过毛发判定 DNA，文章结论是，就能确定个体猴子亲属关系了（新方法好使）。C 选项取非，不能确定毛发的个体猴子归属，破坏文章结论。所以选 C。

passage 40

1. 答案：BC

解析：文章是典型的研究评论：作者认为 B 的 village sketches 把社区描画成单质固定的，认为 B 忽略了女性作家的 village sketches. 女性作家把社区描画成动态活跃的。

根据关键词 village sketcheswritten by women 定位到原文“These women’s geographical mobility was restricted (although womenwriters of the time were not uniformly circumscribed in this way), and theirsubject matter reflected this fact”和“These writers represent community as dynamic, as something that must benegotiated and renegotiated because of its members’ divergent histories,positions, expectations, and beliefs”可知选 B、C 选项。

2.答案：文章第一句

解析：问题要求选出男性作家和女性作家描述乡村社区不同之处的句子，对应到原文首句：“Buell’ study of village sketches(a type of fiction popular in the United States in the 1830s and 1840s)provides a valuable summary of sketches that portray the community ashomogeneous and fixed, but it ignores those by women writers, which typicallydepicted the diversity that increasingly characterized actual villagecommunities at that time.”

3. 答案：E

解析：根据人名定位到到原文“Yet their textswere enriched by what Gilligan, writing in a different context, has called theability to attend to voices other than one’s own”，根据“writing in a different context”，可知选 E。