---
created: 2023-08-11 23:53:17
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P11-20
---

# passage 11
Before feminist literary criticism emerged in the 1970s, the nineteenth-century United States writer Fanny Fern was regarded by most critics (when considered at all) as a prototype of weepy sentimentalism—a pious, insipid icon of conventional American culture. Feminist reclamations of Fern, by contrast, emphasize her nonsentimental qualities, particularly her sharply humorous social criticism. Most feminist scholars find it difficult to reconcile Fern’s sardonic social critiques with her effusive celebrations of many conventional values. Attempting to resolve this contradiction, Harris concludes that Fern employed flowery rhetoric strategically to disguise her subversive goals beneath apparent conventionality. However, Tompkins proposes an alternative view of sentimentality itself, suggesting that sentimental writing could serve radical, rather than only conservative ends by swaying readers emotionally, moving them to embrace social change. Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.

1.	The passage suggests which of the following about the contradiction mentioned in the highlighted sentence?

A.	It was not generally addressed by critics before the 1970s.
B.	It is apparent in only a small number of Ferns writings.
C.	It has troubled many feminist critics who study Fern.

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that Tompkins would be most likely to agree with which of the following about the critics mentioned in the passage?
A.	They accurately characterize the overall result Fern is aiming to achieve.
B.	They are not as dismissive of Fern as some feminist critics have suggested.
C.	They exaggerate the extent to which Fern intended her writing to serve a social purpose.
D.	They wrongly assume that sentimental must be a pejorative term.
E.	They fail to recognize the role that sentimental rhetoric plays to reader’s emotions.

3.	It can be inferred that the author of the passage mentions Fern’s “sharply humorous social criticism” primarily in order to
A.	contrast Fern’s apparent intentions with the impression her writing made on Harris
B.	suggest that many feminist critics have attributed to Fern intentions that she may not have had
C.	identify an aspect of Fern’s writing that strikes some scholars as incompatible with other attributes of her writing
D.	help account for the effect Fern's writing had on critics of her own time
E.	identify the aspects of Fern's writing for which she was primarily known prior to the 1970s

4.	In the context in which it appears, “reclamations” most nearly means
A.	reformations
B.	rehabilitations
C.	recapitulations
D.	retractions
E.	reiterations




# passage 12
A plant-based automobile fuel has just become available in Ternland. A car can be driven as far on a gallon of the new plant-based fuel as a car can be driven on a gallon of gasoline, but a gallon of the plant-based fuel both costs less and results in less pollution. Therefore, drivers in
Ternland who switch to it will reduce the amount they spend on fuel in a year while causing less environmental damage.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A.	There is no expense associated with operating an automobile that is higher when the automobile uses the plant-based fuel than when it uses gasoline.
B.	Automobiles that have been operated using the plant-based fuel can no longer be operated using regular gasoline.
C.	The environmental damage attributable to automobiles is due almost entirely to the production and combustion of fuel automobiles use.
D.	The advantages of the plant-based fuel over gasoline will not lead those who switch to the plant-based fuel to do more driving.
E.	Most drivers in Ternland will switch from gasoline to the plant-based fuel.


# passage 13
Biologists have long debated about whether egg production in birds is biologically highly costly, some theorizing that egg production is energetically or nutritionally demanding. Lack, however, suggested that clutch size—the number of eggs a bird lays per breeding cycle—is far below the potential limit of egg production. He suggested that clutch size had instead evolved in relation to the number of young that the parents could successfully rear. Subsequently, most studies focused on limitations operating during chick rearing, particularly among altricial species (species in which the parents feed their young in the nest). Lack later recognized that in precocial species (species in which young feed themselves), clutch size might be explained by different factors—the availability of food for egg-laying females, for example.
1.	The passage suggests that biologists who say egg production in birds is biologically highly costly would agree that clutch size is determined primarily by


A.	the nutritional and energy demands of egg production
B.	the number of young that the parents can rear successfully
C.	reproductive limitations operating during chick rearing
D.	the availability of food for newly hatched chicks
E.	the differences between altricial and precocial species Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	The passage suggests that Lack would agree with which of the following statements about factors affecting clutch size in birds?
A.	In altricial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid.
B.	In precocial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid.
C.	In many bird species, clutch size generally remains well below the potential limit of egg production.

# passage 14
Carla L. Peterson’s Doers of the Word (1997), a study of African American women speakers and writers from 1830-1880, is an important addition to scholarship on nineteenth-century African American women. Its scope resembles that of Frances Smith Foster’s 1993 study, but its approach is quite different. For Foster, the Black women who came to literary voice in nineteenth-century America were claiming their rights as United States citizens, denying that anything should disqualify them from full membership in an enlightened national polity.
Peterson sees these same women as having been fundamentally estranged from the nation by
a dominant culture unsympathetic to Black women, and by a Black intelligentsia whose male view of race concerns left little room for Black female intellect.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.	The passage indicates that Peterson identifies which of the following as obstacles faced by the women included in her study?
A.	the attitudes of Black male intellectuals toward female intellectual work
B.	the discriminatory attitudes faced by Black women in nineteenth-century America as a whole
C.	disagreements among Black women speakers and writers themselves about the impact of the Black intelligentsia

2.	It can be inferred that Peterson’s study and Fosters study are similar with respect to which of the following?
A.	the writers that each takes up for examination
B.	the degree to which each has influenced other scholars
C.	the assumptions that each brings to nineteenth-century African American literature
D.	their analysis of the nineteenth-century Black intelligentsia
E.	their interpretation of nineteenth-century Americas dominant culture

# passage 15
David Belasco’s 1912 Broadway production of The Governors Lady created a sensation with a scene set in a Childs cafeteria, a chain restaurant that was an innovator in food standardization and emblematic of modern everyday life. While Belasco’s meticulously detailed reproduction of an immediately recognizable setting impressed the public, it was derided by progressive theater critics who championed the New Stagecraft theories of European artists like Max Reinhardt. The New Stagecraft rejected theatrical literalism; it drew inspiration from the subjectivity and minimalism of modern painters, advocating simplified sets designed to express a dramatic texts central ideas. Such critics considered Belasco a craftsman who merely captured surface realities: a true artist eliminated the inessential to create more meaningful, expressive stage images.

1.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about Belasco’s production of The Governors Lady?
A.	It was dismissed by certain theater critics who misunderstood Belasco’s conception of modernity.
B.	It was intended to marshal elements of the New Stagecraft to serve Belasco’s predilection for realistic staging.
C.	It demonstrated that theatrical literalism could be used effectively to express a dramatic texts central ideas.
D.	It elicited responses that reflected a discrepancy between popular tastes in entertainment and the tastes of progressive theater critics.
E.	It relied on the appeal of an impressively realistic stage set to compensate for weaknesses in other aspects of the production.

2.	It can be inferred that the theater critics would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the theatrical productions?
A.	Theatrical productions that seek to eliminate the inessential also often eliminate theatrical elements that enhance the expressiveness of a play.
B.	Theatrical productions that faithfully recreate the visual details of everyday life are unlikely to do justice to a good play’s central ideas.
C.	Theatrical productions that employ the minimalism characteristic of modern paintings may have greater appeal to modern audiences than productions that rely on theatrical literalism.
D.	Theatrical productions that aim to represent truths about modern life should not attempt to employ elements of the New Stagecraft.
E.	Theatrical productions that attempt to produce authentic-looking scenes of everyday reality are likely to fail in that goal because of the theaters inherent limitations.

# passage 16
Currently, Sulandian television journalists are twice as likely as other workers to support the Blue Party, and Sulandian journalism students are significantly more likely to support the Blue Party than working television journalists are. Therefore, assuming that these students do not change their political affiliations as they get older, the disparity between the political affiliations of Sulandia’s television journalists and those of the rest of the working population will increase as current Sulandian journalism students enter the profession.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A.	Few of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia were trained in Sulandian journalism schools.
B.	Journalists in Sulandia whose political affiliations differ from those of the general population tend to allow their political views to affect the way they report news about politics.
C.	Most of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia who support the Blue Party also supported the Blue Party when they were students.
D.	Support for the Blue party is not significantly less common among those current Sulaidan journalism students who intend to become television journalists than it is among current Sulandian journalism students as a whole.
E.	Classes in Sulandian journalism schools are not taught mainly by working Sulandian journalists.


# passage 17
Early naturalists believed two species of beaver lived in North America: dam beavers and bank beavers. The bank species was thought to resemble the muskrat in behavior, living in burrows or lodges and unable to build dams. In fact, dams are primarily a strategy for dealing with annual variations in water levels. If water levels fall in summer, as they do in most of North America, then beavers lodge entrances may be exposed. With stabilized water levels, their homes are much safer. Along deep rivers, where bank beavers are found, this problem seldom arises. But these beavers do know how to build dams, and do so if the need arises, as may occur if they are forced to relocate after felling and consuming all nearby trees.
1.	The passage provides support for which of the following statements about beaver dams?


A.	One important function of these dams is to protect beavers homes.
B.	Most are built prior to burrow construction.
C.	They are found mostly along deep rivers.
D.	They are routinely abandoned as nearby forests are depleted.
E.	They mainly protect beavers from rising water levels.

2.	The passage implies which of the following about beavers?
A.	Bank beavers are unable to successfully compete with dam beavers when resources become scarce.
B.	Differences in dam-building behavior among beavers do not necessarily imply multiple beaver species.
C.	Building dams eventually causes beavers to deplete nearby resources.
D.	When conditions permit, beavers are more likely to build dams than burrows or lodges.
E.	In beavers, dam-building is an acquired rather than an innate skill.

3.	The passage provides support for which of the following statements about beaver dams?
A.	One important function of these dams is to protect beavers’ homes.
B.	They are less likely to be found along deep rivers.
 


C.	They are routinely abandoned before nearby forests are depleted.
 

 

4.	It can be inferred from the passage that early naturalists considered which of the following criteria when classifying beavers?
A.	The genetic similarity of beavers and muskrats
B.	The propensity of beavers to relocate
C.	The depth of water beavers occupied
D.	Beavers’ dam-building capabilities
E.	Beavers’ degree of exposure to danger
 
# passage 18
Massive projectiles striking much larger bodies create various kinds of craters, including multi-ring basins–the largest geologic features observed on planets and moons. In such collisions, the impactor is completely destroyed and its material is incorporated into the larger body. Collison’s between bodies of comparable size, on the other hand, have very different consequences: one or both bodies might be entirely smashed, with mass from one or both the bodies redistributed among new objects formed from the fragments. Such a titanic collision between Earth and a Mars-size impactor may have given rise to Earth’s Moon.

The Earth-Moon system has always been perplexing. Earth is the only one of the inner planets with a large satellite, the orbit of which is neither in the equatorial plane of Earth nor in the plane in which the other planets lie. The Moon’s mean density is much lower than that of Earth but is about the same as that of Earth’s mantle. This similarity in density has long prompted speculation that the Moon split away from a rapidly rotating Earth, but this idea founders on two observations. In order to spin off the Moon, Earth would have had to rotate so fast that a day would have lasted less than three hours. Science offers no plausible explanation of how it could have slowed to its current rotational rate from that speed. Moreover, the Moon’s composition, though similar to that of Earth’s mantle, is not a precise match. Theorizing a titanic collision eliminates postulating a too-rapidly spinning Earth and accounts for the Moon’s peculiar composition. In a titanic collision model, the bulk of the Moon would have formed from a combination of material from the impactor and Earth’s mantle. Most of the earthly component would have been in the form of melted or vaporized matter. The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space, might account for the observed absence in lunar rocks of certain readily vaporized compounds and elements.

Unusual features of some other planets might also be explained by such impacts. Mercury is known to have a high density in comparison with other rocky planets. A titanic impact could have stripped away a portion of its rocky mantle, leaving behind a metallic core whose density is out of proportion with the original ratio of rock to metal. A massive, glancing blow to Venus might have given it its anomalously slow spin and reversed direction of rotation. Such conjectures are tempting, but, since no early planet was immune to titanic impacts, they could be used indiscriminately to explain away in a cavalier fashion every unusual planetary characteristic; still, we may now be beginning to discern the true role of titanic impacts in planetary history.

1.	According to the passage, which of the following is true of the collisions mentioned in the highlighted sentence?
A.	They occur less frequently than do titanic collisions.
B.	They occur between bodies of comparable size.
C.	They occur primarily between planet-sized bodies.
D.	They result in the complete destruction of the impacting body.
E.	They result in mass being redistributed among newly formed objects.


2.	The author of the passage asserts which of the following about titanic collision models?
A.	Such models are conclusive with respect to certain anomalies within the solar system, but leave numerous other anomalies unexplained.
B.	Such models are more likely than are earlier models to account for the formation of multi- ring basins.
C.	Such models may be particularly useful in explaining what happens when the impacting bodies involved are of highly dissimilar mean densities.
D.	Such models have been tested to such a degree that they are quickly reaching the point where they can be considered definitive.
 

E.	Such models are so tempting that they run the risk of being used indiscriminately to explain unusual planetary features.

3.	The passage suggests that which of the following is true of the cited compounds and elements?
A.	They were created by reactions that took place during a titanic collision.
B.	They were supplied by an impactor that collided with Earth.
C.	They were once present on the Moon but were subsequently vaporized.
D.	They are rarely found on planet-size bodies in our solar system.
E.	They are present on Earth but not on the Moon.

4.	In the second paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with
A.	arguing in favor of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
B.	summarizing conventional theories about the formation of the earth-Moon system.
C.	anticipating and responding to criticisms of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
D.	explaining why the Earth-Moon system is considered scientifically perplexing.
E.	questioning an assumption underlying one theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
 
# passage 19
The history of the transmission of ancient Roman texts prior to invention of the printing press is reconstructed from evidence both internal and external to the texts themselves. Internal evidence is used to reconstruct the relationship of the surviving manuscripts of a Roman text to one another, as represented in a modern stemma codicum: a diagram depicting the genealogical relationship of surviving manuscripts and those the stemmas editor believes existed at one time. Stemma are scholar’s only road maps to textual connections based on internal evidence, but they may paint a distorted picture of reality because they diagram the relationships of only those manuscripts known or inferred today. If surviving copies are few, the stemma perforce brings into proximity manuscripts that were widely separated in time and place of origin. Conversely, the stemma can also bestow a semblance of separation on manuscripts written within a few months of one another or even in the same room.

One type of external evidence that may shed light on the transmission of Roman texts is the availability of a work in the Middle Ages, when many classical texts were circulated. Too often, though, too much is inferred about a particular works circulation in the Middle Ages from the number of manuscripts surviving today. When a work survives in a single manuscript copy, editors call the manuscript, rather glamorously, the lone survivor–implying that all its (presumably rare) companions were destroyed sometime early in the Middle Ages by pillaging barbarians. It is equally possible that the work survived far into the Middle Ages in numerous copies in monastic libraries but were unnoticed due to lack of interest. The number of extant manuscripts, however few, really does not allow scholars to infer how many ancient Latin manuscripts of a work survived to the ninth, the twelfth, or even the fifteenth century.

Quotations from a Roman text by a medieval author are another category of external evidence: but does the appearance of a rare word or grammatical construction—or even a short passage
—really indicate a medieval author’s firsthand knowledge of this or that ancient work, or does such usage instead derive from some intermediate source, such as a grammar book or a popular style manual? Medieval authors do quote extensively from ancient authors; while such quotations provide some evidence of the works medieval circulation, as well as define its evolving fortunes and the various uses to which it was put, they may be far less useful in reconstructing the text of an ancient work.

Much as scholars want to look for overall patterns and formulate useful generalizations, the transmission of each text is a different story and each manuscripts history is unique. Scholars must be careful not to draw conclusions that go beyond what the evidence can support.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with which of the following?


A.	tracing certain changes in the methods used to study the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
B.	contrasting two types of evidence used in investigating the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
C.	outlining certain difficulties associated with studying the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
D.	advocating the use of one type of evidence about ancient Roman texts over the use of another type.
E.	explaining the development and potential uses and drawbacks of stemma in the study of ancient Roman texts.
 

2.	As described in the passage, a stemma is most closely analogous to which of the following?
A.	a department store inventory list that excludes some departments
B.	a map from which a large section has been torn off
C.	a chronology that includes only major historical events
D.	a family tree in which some generations are not recorded
E.	a government organizational chart from which some agencies are omitted

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.	In its discussion of external evidence, the passage suggests which of the following about manuscripts of ancient Roman texts during the Middle Ages?
A.	It is possible that fewer manuscripts were destroyed by barbarians in the early Middle Ages than scholars frequently suppose.
B.	Additional copies of some so-called lone survivor manuscripts may have existed well into the Middle Ages.
C.	If an ancient Roman text is quoted in a work by a medieval author, then it is likely that at least one manuscript copy of that text survived into the Middle Ages.

4.	Click on the sentence in the first paragraph that suggests that scholars might be led to underestimate the extent of the connection between certain manuscripts.
 
# passage 20
In 1995 the Galileo spacecraft captured data about Jupiters atmosphere—namely, the absence of most of the predicted atmospheric water—that challenged prevailing theories about Jupiters structure. The unexpectedness of this finding fits a larger pattern in which theories about planetary composition and dynamics have failed to predict the realities discovered through space exploration. Instead of normal planets whose composition could be predicted by theory, the planets populating our solar system are unique individuals whose chemical and tectonic identities were created through numerous contingent events. One implication of this is that although the universe undoubtedly holds other planetary systems, the duplication of the sequence that produced our solar system and the development of life on Earth is highly unlikely.

Recently planetary scientists have suggested that the external preconditions for the development of Earth’s biosphere probably included four paramount contingencies. First, a climate conducive to life on Earth depends upon the extraordinarily narrow orbital parameters that define a continuously habitable zone where water can exist in a liquid state. If Earths orbit were only 5 percent smaller than it is, temperatures during the early stages of Earths history would have been high enough to vaporize the oceans. If the Earth-Sun distance were as little as 1 percent larger, runaway glaciation on Earth about 2 billion years ago would have caused the oceans to freeze and remain frozen to this day. Second, Jupiter’s enormous mass prevents most Sun-bound comets from penetrating the inner solar system. It has been estimated that without this shield, Earth would have experienced bombardment by comet-sized impactors a thousand times more frequently than has actually been recorded during geological time. Even if Earth‘s surface were not actually sterilized by this bombardment, it is unlikely that any but the most primitive life-forms could have survived. This suggests that only planetary systems containing both terrestrial planets like Earth and gas giants like Jupiter might be capable of sustaining complex life-forms.

Third, the gravitational shield of the giant outer planets, while highly efficient, must occasionally fail to protect Earth. Paradoxically, while the temperatures required for liquid water exist only in the inner solar system, the key building blocks of life, including water itself, occur primarily beyond the asteroid belt. Thus the evolution of life has depended on a frequency of cometary impacts sufficient to convey water, as well as carbon and nitrogen, from these distant regions of the solar system to Earth while stopping short of an impact magnitude that would destroy the atmosphere and oceans.


Finally, Earth’s unique and massive satellite, the Moon, plays a crucial role in stabilizing the obliquity of Earth’s rotational axis, this obliquity creates the terrestrial seasonality so important to the evolution and diversity of life. Mars, in contrast, has a wildly oscillating tilt and chaotic seasonality, while Venus, rotating slowly backward, has virtually no seasonality at all.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with

A.	enumerating conditions that may have been necessary for a particular development
B.	outlining the conditions under which scientists may be able to predict certain events
C.	explaining how a particular finding affected scientists understanding of a phenomenon
D.	suggesting reasons why a particular outcome was more likely to occur than other possible outcomes
E.	assessing the relative significance of factors that contributed to a particular occurrence
 


2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the planetary scientists would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements concerning the development of complex life forms on Earth?
A.	It might have occurred earlier in Earths history if cometary impacts had been less frequent than they were.
B.	It could have occurred if Earths orbit were 1 percent larger than it is but not if Earths orbit were 5 percent smaller
C.	It probably follows a pattern common on other terrestrial planets that occupy planetary systems containing gas giants.
D.	Its dependence on the effect that Jupiters gravitational shield has on Earth was difficult to recognize prior to 1995.
E.	It has been contingent on conditions elsewhere in Earths solar system as well as on conditions on Earth itself.

3.	The author of the passage most likely mentions Mars oscillating tilt primarily in order to
A.	provide evidence for a proposition about the potential effects of cometary impacts
B.	emphasize the absence from our solar system of normal planets
C.	contrast the rotational axis of Mars with that of Venus
D.	characterize the role of other planets in the solar system in earths development
E.	emphasize the importance of the Moon to the development of life on Earth

4.	The passage suggests each of the following about water on Earth EXCEPT:
A.	It was conveyed to Earth by comets.
B.	It appeared on Earth earlier than did carbon and nitrogen.
C.	Its existence in a liquid state is contingent on Earths orbital parameters.
D.	Much of it came from a part of the solar system where water cannot exist in a liquid state.
E.	It is unlikely that there would be much of it available to support life if the gravitational shield of the outer planets did not limit the frequency with which comets strike Earth.
