---
created: 2023-08-11 23:52:55
updated: 2023-08-12 00:04:47
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading
title: ⛳【阅读】P1-10
---


# passage 1
Although social learning (the acquisition of specific behaviors by observing other individuals exhibiting those behaviors ) is well documented among fish, few studies have investigated social learning within a developmental context in these taxa. Rather than investigating the development of a particular skill, Chapman, Ward, and Krause investigated the role of group density during development in later foraging success in laboratory-housed guppies. When raised with a small number of conspecifics (members of the same species), guppies were quicker to locate food by following a trained adult guppy than were guppies raised in large groups. This counterintuitive finding is explained by the fact that guppies reared in the high- density condition were less likely to shoal (swim in a group ) with others and, therefore, were less likely to learn the benefits of social learning. Instead, fish reared in high-density situations may learn that conspecifics are to be viewed as competitors, rather than as potential sources of adaptive information. This finding suggests that at least for guppies, the early social environment may have an effect on the capacity for social learning, if not on the socially learned behaviors themselves.

1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	note a flaw in a scientific finding
B.	describe a particular scientific study
C.	present an interpretation of a finding
D.	note a difference between two scientific findings
E.	contrast two conditions in which a particular phenomenon has been observed

2.	Regarding research on fish, it can be inferred from the passage that
A.	research studies of the acquisition of important skills by fish have only recently begun to document the role of conspecifics in the learning process
B.	research on social learning in guppies suggests that guppies differ in important ways from most other fish in the means by which they learn particular skills
C.	research on social learning in fish has generally focused on the acquisition of skills other than foraging
D.	research has established that social learning occurs in some fish species without investigating the development context in which it occurs.
E.	research to investigate social learning has been done more extensively on fish than on other aquatic animals.

3.	Which of the following can be inferred about the study by Chapman, Ward, and Krause?
A.	It was initially designed to investigate something other than social learning.
B.	It required researchers to observe individual guppies at multiple points in their life spans.
C.	It pointed to the possibility that population density may have little to do with guppies’ social learning.
D.	It required the observation of guppies under conditions that closely mimicked the conditions of guppies in the wild.
E.	It indicated that guppies gain adaptive information from being reared with a relatively large number of conspecifics.
 

# passage 2
As it was published in 1935, Mules and Men, Zora Neale Hurston's landmark collection of folktales, may not have been the book that its author first had in mind. In this anthropological study, Hurston describes in detail the people who tell the stories, often even inserting herself into the storytelling scene. Evidently, however, Hurston had prepared another version, a manuscript that was recently discovered and published after having been forgotten since 1929. This version differs from Mules and Men in that it simply records stories, with no descriptive or interpretive information.

While we cannot know for certain why Hurston’s original manuscript went unpublished during her lifetime, it may have been because publishers wanted something more than a transcription of tales. Contemporary novelist and critic John Edgar Wideman has described Black literature as the history of a writing that sought to escape its frame, in other words, as the effort of Black writers to present the stories of Black people without having to have a mediating voice to explain the stories to a non-Black audience. In this, Hurston may have been ahead of her time.

1.	Select the sentence that suggests a possible reason why Hurston wrote the version of
Mules and Men that was published in 1935.

2.	The passage suggests that Hurston may have done which of the following in preparing her original version?
A.	Discussed her mode of presentation with her publisher before writing the first draft, in order to reduce the possibility of misunderstanding.
B.	Shortened her presentation of the stories to the bare minimum in order to be able to present more folklore material.
C.	Put it aside for several decades in order to maximize its potential audience when it was published.
D.	Reluctantly agreed to reshape it in order to take out various elements with which her publisher had been dissatisfied.
E.	Chose not to include editorial commentary, in order to present the stories on their own terms.

# passage 3
A decrease in face-to-face social contact can precipitate depression. Time spent using the Internet cannot be spent in face-to-face social contact, so psychologists have speculated that sharply increasing Internet use can cause depression. Studies of regular Internet users have found a significantly higher incidence of depression among those who had recently doubled the amount of time they spent using the Internet than among those whose use had not increased. Hence, the psychologists’ speculation is correct.

Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A.	In general, the reason that the people in the studies had doubled their Internet use was not that they had earlier experienced a significant decrease in opportunities for face-to-face social contact.
B.	A sharp decrease in face-to-face social contact is the only change in daily activity that can lead to an increased incidence of depression.
C.	Using the Internet presents no opportunities for people to increase the amount of face-to- face social contact they experienced in their daily lives.
D.	Regular Internet users who are depressed will experience an immediate improvement in mood if they sharply decrease the amount of time they spend on the Internet.
E.	Before they doubled the time they spent on the Internet, the people who did so were already more prone to depression than are regular Internet users in general.
 

# passage 4
African American drama has, until recently, been rooted in the mimetic tradition of modern American naturalism. The most distinctive attribute of this tradition is the mechanistic, materialistic conception of humanity. Naturalism sees each individual as inextricably bound to the environment and depicts each person as someone controlled by, instead of controlling, concrete reality. As long as African American drama maintained naturalism as its dominant mode, it could only express the “plight of African American people”. Its heroes might declare the madness of reality, but reality inevitably triumphed over them. The surrealistic plays of Adrienne Kennedy mark one of the first departures from naturalism by an African American dramatist. The overall goal of her work has been to depict the world of the soul and the spirit, not to mirror concrete reality. Within this framework, Kennedy has been able to portray African American minds and souls liberated from their connections to the external environment.
1.	Which of the following best states the central idea of the passage?


A.	African American drama has been primarily influenced by naturalisms emphasis on the materialistic.
B.	African American drama has traditionally acknowledged the relationship between the individual and the environment.
C.	African American drama, traditionally naturalistic, has been little influenced by dramatist Kennedy’s spiritual and psychological approach to drama.
D.	The work of Kennedy suggests a shift away from a commitment to strict naturalism in African American drama.
E.	The work of Kennedy best exemplifies the current interest of African American artists in the spiritual and psychological worlds.

2.	According to the passage, Kennedy is concerned with depicting the
A.	internal rather than the external life of her characters
B.	madness of reality rather than the effects of reality
C.	effects of materialism on African American minds and souls
D.	relationship between naturalism and the human spirit
E.	effects that her characters have on the environment

3.	Which of the following statements, if true, would most strengthen the authors assertion that Kennedy’s work marks a serious departure from the tradition described in the first paragraph?
A.	Kennedy places the action in a real-life setting that is nevertheless unfamiliar to the average viewer or reader.
B.	Kennedy movingly portrays the lives and struggles of prominent African Americans in the United States.
C.	Kennedy uses characters found only in ancient African legends and mythology.
D.	Kennedy provides insights into American mimetic tradition and dramatic convention.
E.	Kennedy depicts the events in a style reminiscent of a television documentary.
 

# passage 5
Although many hypotheses have been proposed to explain why some plant communities are more susceptible than others to invasion by nonnative species, results from field studies have been inconsistent and no general theory of invasibility has yet emerged. However, a theory based on fluctuating resource availability could integrate most existing hypotheses and successfully resolve many of the apparently conflicting and ambiguous results of previous studies. The suggested theory is that a plant community becomes more susceptible to invasion whenever there is an increase in the amount of unused resources.
The diversity in the range of resource-release mechanisms could partly explain the absence of consistent ecological correlates of invasibility. In particular, the theory predicts that there will be no necessary relationship between the species diversity of a plant community and its susceptibility to invasion, since near-complete exploitation can each occur in both species-rich and species-poor communities. Though Lonsdale found a positive association between species richness and invasion, this may arise from the tendency of diverse plant communities to be nutrient poor and therefore more responsive to the effects of human-caused influxes of nutrients.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	assessing the empirical success of a theory
B.	explaining why no consistent theoretical account of a phenomenon has been possible
C.	advocating a potential solution to a theoretical impasse
D.	deducing testable predictions from a proposed theory
E.	describing the difficulties involved in explaining certain empirical results

2.	It can be inferred that the author would most likely agree with which of the following assessments of the results from field studies
A.	Many of the results contradicted predictions of susceptibility to invasion that are based on the availability of resources unused by the community.
B.	If fluctuating resource availability were taken into account, many of the apparent inconsistencies among the results could be explained.
C.	The apparent inconsistencies and ambiguities in the results are caused by trying to make them fit an inadequate general theory of invasibility.
D.	No general theory of invasibility has emerged because none of the studies has been able to assess the degree of an invasion accurately.
E.	The results tend to show a degree of susceptibility to invasion that is lower than would be expected given the prevalence in the wild of nonnative species.

3.	According to the author, the theory based on fluctuating resource availability might resolve “apparently conflicting and ambiguous results” because
A.	It explains how a particular circumstance can produce disparate effects.
B.	It does not assume that all of the results are instances of the phenomenon that the theory is intended to explain.
C.	It predicts that seemingly minor variations in research methodology can have a dramatic effect on results.
D.	Its account is based on a statistical tendency rather than on the supposition that the results arise from a causal connection.
E.	It indicates why a similar outcome may be preceded by very different circumstances on different occasions.
 

# passage 6
Although some skeptics points to Arctic places such as the high latitudes of Greenland, where temperatures seem to have fallen, a recent scientific report concludes that in recent decades average temperatures have increased faster in the Arctic than elsewhere. Scientists have long suspected that several factors lead to greater temperature swings at Earths polar regions than elsewhere. First, most of the Arctic is covered in snow and ice, which are highly reflective; if snow and ice melt, the exposed soil, which absorbs heat, serves to accelerate warming.
Second, the polar atmosphere is thin, so little energy is required to warm it. Third, less solar energy is lost in evaporation at the frigid poles than in the tropics.
1.	Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
The passage mentions which of the following as factors that might lead to large temperature swings in Earths polar regions?


A.	the amount of energy lost due to evaporation at the poles
B.	soil exposure due to melting snow
C.	the relatively thin atmosphere at the poles

2.	In pointing to the apparent temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland, the skeptics mentioned in the passage intend to raise as a question whether
A.	Greenland is less likely to experience extreme temperature changes than are other areas of the Arctic.
B.	Those more localized temperature drops might indicate an important trend not captured by the upward trend of average Arctic temperatures.
C.	There might be a reversal of the temperature trend in the high latitudes of Greenland.
D.	The factors that cause temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland are different from those that affect the rest of the Arctic.
Greenland has more ice and snow on the ground than do other areas of the Arctic.

# passage 7
Among many historians a belief persists that Cotton Mather’s biographies of some of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony (published 1702) are exercises in hagiography, endowing their subjects with saintly piety at the expense of historical accuracy. Yet modern studies have profited both from the breadth of information that Mather provides in, for example, his discussions of colonial medicine and from his critical observations of such leading figures as Governor John Winthrop. Mather’s wry humor as demonstrated by his detailed descriptions of events such as Winthrop’s efforts to prevent wood-stealing is overlooked by those charging Mather with presenting his subjects as extremely pious. The charge also obscures Mather’s concern with the settlers material, not just spiritual, prosperity. Further, this pejorative view underrates the biographies value as chronicles: Mather amassed
all sorts of published and unpublished documents as sources, and his selection of key events shows a marked sensitivity to the nature of the colony’s development.
1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	argue against a theory universally accepted by historical researchers
B.	call attention to an unusual approach to documenting a historical era
C.	summarize research on a specific historical figure
D.	counter a particular view about the work of a biographer
E.	point out subtle differences among controversial historical reports

2.	The author of the passage implies that an argument for the historical accuracy of Mather’s works is most strongly supported by which of the following?
A.	surviving documents that corroborate Mather’s detailed descriptions of his subjects
B.	Mather’s firsthand personal acquaintance with those about whom he wrote
C.	Mather’s frank and straightforward accounts of the lives and times of people about whom he had conducted extensive research
D.	Mather’s ability to detail important historical events in the religious context of which they were a part
E.	the quantity and nature of the sources from which Mather obtained his information.

3.	Information in the passage best supports which of the following statements about Mather’s biographies of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony?
A.	Annals written by Mather and others were censored by later historians, thus detracting from their value as full and accurate accounts of the period.
B.	Mather’s description of Governor Winthrop includes all of Winthrop’s shortcomings, such as a tendency toward levity at inappropriate times.
C.	Mather’s descriptions of the Massachusetts Bay colonists were based primarily on firsthand experiences.
D.	Many historians believe that Mather’s biographies are poor sources of historical information because biography is an inherently unreliable genre of historical writing.
E.	Mather’s writings reflect an interest in the degree of economic success achieved by early Massachusetts Bay colonists.

4.	It can be inferred from the passage that many historians believe that Mather’s biographies primarily
A.	disclose important historical data from the settlers’ private diaries
B.	glorify the early colonists of the Massachusetts Bay Colony
C.	provide a fuller picture of the multifaceted characters of such historical figures as John Winthrop
D.	indicate the salutary effects of the settlers’ religious practices on colonial life
E.	reveal that the settlers considered their lives to be similar to those of the saints


# passage 8
An alarming number of Mediterranean monk seals, an endangered species, have recently died. Postmortem analysis showed the presence of an as yet unidentified virus, as well as evidence of a known bacterial toxin. Seawater samples from the area where the seals died did contain unusually high concentrations of the toxic bacterium. Therefore, although both viruses
and bacterial toxins can kill seals, it is more likely that these deaths were the result of the bacterial toxin.

Which of the following, if true, provides additional evidence to support the conclusion?
A.	Viruses are much more difficult to identify in postmortem analysis than bacteria are.
B.	Mediterranean monk seals are the only species of seal in the area where the bacterium was found.
C.	The bacterium is almost always present in the water in at least small concentrations.
D.	Nearly all the recent deaths were among adult seals, but young seals are far more susceptible to viruses than are adult seals.
E.	Several years ago, a large number of monk seals died in the same area as a result of exposure to a different bacterial toxin.


# passage 9
An Irish newspaper editorial encouraging women to participate in the non-importation movement launched in Ireland in 1779 appears consistent with a perception that the political use of the consumer boycott originated in North America and spread eastwards across the Atlantic to Ireland. This is a view that most historians have concurred with. For example, T.H. Breen argued that the consumer boycott was a brilliantly original American invention. Breen did acknowledge that a few isolated boycotts may have taken place in other countries. However, Mary ODowd argues that from the late seventeenth century, Irish political discourse advocated for the nonconsumption of imported goods and support for home
manufactures by women in ways that were strikingly similar to those used later in North America.
1.	The passage is primarily concerned with

A.	resolving a dispute
B.	advocating a course of action
C.	tracing the evolution of a practice
D.	citing competing views of an issue
E.	chronicling a series of events

2.	In the context of the passage, the highlighted sentence serves to
A.	qualify a point made in the preceding sentence
B.	correct an erroneous assumption
C.	provide evidence in support of a perception cited in the opening sentence
D.	provide a rationale for the view expressed in the following sentence
E.	establish the popularity of a point of view


# passage 10
A law has been proposed requiring the cargo boxes of trucks carrying gravel to be covered by a tarpaulin, because vehicles driving close behind open-topped gravel trucks can be damaged by gravel flying off these trucks. The law is unlikely to substantially reduce such damage,
however: flying gravel is much less likely to come from the cargo box itself than from the grooves of the tires, in which gravel can become wedged during loading.
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the argument given?


A.	The drivers of vehicles behind a gravel truck are more likely to remain close behind the truck if the trucks cargo box is covered than if it is uncovered.
B.	Most trucks that carry gravel already carry tarpaulins that their drivers use to cover the cargo box when they are carrying sand, which can blow out of the cargo box in significant quantities.
C.	Of all the damage that occurs to vehicles on the highway, debris that flies off trucks is the cause of only a very small fraction.
D.	The proposed law allows open-topped trucks on the highway to have uncovered cargo boxes whenever their cargo boxes are empty.
E.	Because of the great weight of a load of gravel, the driver of a gravel truck is often driving much more slowly than most of the other vehicles on the road.


