---
created: 2023-08-11 23:59:54
updated: 
tags: 
  - Test
  - Reading 
title: ⛳【阅读】P21-30
---

# Passage 21
Received feminist wisdom has conceived of history as a male enclave devoid of woman subjects and practitioners, particularly before the twentieth century. As Ann For Freedom put it in 1972, from Herodout’s to Will Durant’s histories, the main characters, the main viewpoints and interests, have all been male. Feminist accounts of the 1970s and 1980s viewed historiography (the writing of history) as overwhelmingly his, coining the term herstory and presenting it as a compensatory feminist practice. Herstory designated women’s place at the center of an alternative narrative of past events. Rosalind Miles’s description restates the popular view: Women’s history by contrast has only just begun to invent itself. Males gained entry to the business of recording, defining and interpreting events in the third millennium B.C.; for women, this process did not even begin until the nineteenth century. The herstorical method provided a means for feminist historians to explore materials by and about women that had previously been neglected or ignored. Herstory promoted curricular transformation in schools and was used as a slogan on T-shirts, pencils, and buttons. Exposing historians tacit and intentional sexism, herstorians set out to correct the record–to show that women had held up half the historical sky.

Despite the great scholarly gains made behind the rallying cry, herstory’s popular myth– particularly about the lack of women who have recorded history–require revision. Herstory may accurately describe feminists efforts to construct female- centered accounts of the past, but the term inadvertently blinds us to women’s important contributions to historical discourse before the nineteenth century. Historiography has not been an entirely male preserve, though feminists are justified in faulting its long-standing masculine contours. In fact, criticism of historiography’s sexism is not of recent origin. Early eighteenth-century feminist Mary Astell protested that the Men being the Historians, they seldom condescend to record the great and good actions of Women. Astell, like those who echoed her sentiments two and a half centuries later, must be credited for admirable zeal in setting out to right scholarly wrongs, but her supposition that historians were only male is inaccurate. Her perception is especially strange because she herself wrote a historical work, An Impartial Enquiry into the Cause of Rebellion and Civil War (1704). Astell’s judgment is at the same time understandable, given that much historical writing by women of the late seventeenth century was not published until the nineteenth century. Despite their courage and their rightful anger, Astell and her descendants overlooked early modern woman writer’s contributions to historiography.
1.	It can be inferred that Rosalind Miles refers to the third millennium B.C. primarily in order to


A.	present an overview of what the practice of history once entailed
B.	suggest that the origins of historical study are much earlier than had been previously though
C.	suggest why the third millennium B.C. has received so much attention from historians
D.	establish a contrast between men and women in terms of how long they have been recording history
E.	indicate how significantly the practice of history has changed since the third millennium B.C.

2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the term herstory
A.	was popular mainly in the nineteenth century
B.	is an old term that feminist put to new uses
C.	is controversial within the feminist community
D.	is not especially useful to scholars
E.	was invented to help make a particular point
 

3.	Mary Astell is discussed by the author as an example of an eighteenth-century feminist historian
A.	who was representative of the intellectual interests of the woman historians of her time
B.	who inspired many practitioners of herstory in the twentieth century
C.	who shared with modern herstorian’s a mistaken assumption regarding the writing of history
D.	whose major work aroused much controversy at the time of its publication
E.	whose major work still has not received the attention from scholars that it deserves

4.	The author implies which of the following about Astell’s supposition?
A.	It is likely to have arisen because of Astell’s unawareness of much of the historical work written by women.
B.	It was one that Astell reconsidered after she wrote her own historical work.
C.	It was one that was not shared by other feminist historians of Astell’s time.
D.	It was one that inspired Astell to write her own historical work.
E.	It directly contradicts one of the basic claims of herstory.
 
# Passage 22
Until around 1930 few United States Civil War historians paid much attention to Southerners who opposed the 1861-1865 secession from the United States by a confederacy of Southern states. Southern historians clung instead to a notion of the South’s unanimity in the face of Northern aggression. Only when scholars such as Lonn decided to examine this side of the war did historian of the Confederacy begin to recognize the existence of Southerners loyal to the Union (Unionists). While these early historians of Southern dissent broke new ground, they also reproduced Confederate authoritie’s negative view of loyalists as shady characters driven by dubious motives. Even Tatum, who took a largely sympathetic attitude toward loyalists, tended to lump them into nebulous categories, offering broad generalizations that ignored the particulars of Unionists’ identities and experiences.

This early-twentieth-century historiography nonetheless represented the leading research on dissent in the South until the 1960s and 1970s. Spurred by the advent of social historical methods, a new generation of historians found Unionists interesting as manifestations of the Confederacy’s internal weaknesses. Focusing on the Appalachian Mountain and upper South regions of the Confederacy, these scholars argued that there was a profound divide among Southern Whites between those who benefited economically from slave-run plantations and those who did not. One such historian was Escott, who emphasized regional and economic conflict among Southerners. Escott cast Unionists and other dissenters as antiplanter mountaineers who could not, by reason of economic and social alienation, identify with the proslavery Southern cause. This theme has heavily influenced the work of subsequent scholars, who commonly place Unionists at the extreme end of a continuum of class-based Confederate disaffection that was ultimately responsible for the South’s collapse. Because the driving force behind such inquiries into loyalist history has been a desire to explain Confederate ideology, politics, and defeat, emphasis has been placed on the ways loyalist Southerners diverged from the political and economic mainstream of Confederate nationalism.

Only recently have some Civil War historians begun to make Unionists and their experiences, rather than the Confederate state, the center of inquiry. These scholars have done intensive community and local studies of dissenting groups that take into account a range of social and cultural, as well as military and political, factors at work on the Southern home front. Hoping to better understand who remained loyal to the Union during the war, these historians have sought to explain the Civil War’s underlying character, dimensions, and impact in particular counties or towns, especially in the upper South and Appalachia. This relatively new trend has stressed the particular, delved into the complexities of political allegiances on the home front, and, as Sutherland notes, highlighted “the gritty experience of real people”.


1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to
A.	summarize a particular debate among historians
B.	trace the evolution of a particular area of historical study
C.	challenge a common misconception about a particular historical period
D.	identify flaws in a particular approach to the study of a historical subject
E.	explain why a particular historical question has received little scholarly attention
 


2.	The passage suggests that “some Civil War historians”（Paragraph 3） would probably agree with which of the following statements about Southern Unionists?
A.	Their economic circumstances were more significant than their social and cultural identities in determining their dissent from the Confederate cause.
B.	Their significant to historians lies mainly in what their actions reveal about the mainstream of Confederate nationalism from which they departed
C.	Their political allegiance must be understood in relation to specific local factors that affected their lives during the Civil War period
D.	They were more likely to be from areas outside the upper South and Appalachia than were supporter of the Confederate cause
E.	They were more likely to be from economically priviliged groups than were supporters of the Confederate cause.

3.	The passage suggests which of the following about histories of the Civil War written before 1930?
A.	Some took a fairly sympathetic view of Southern Unionists.
B.	Interest in these histories has been revived by the work of recent historians
C.	Most offered little analysis of the lives and motives of Southern Unionists.
D.	Many tended to group Southern Unionists into broad categories that obscured their differences.
E.	Few accepted the idea that the South was politically unified during the Civil War.

4.	Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A.	It challenges a common misconception about the motives driving an influential group of Civil War historians.
B.	It describes a major contribution of the Civil War historians of the 1960s and 1970s that inspired the next generation of scholars.
C.	It calls attention to aspects of the Confederate cause that were alienating to those Southerners who remained loyal to the Union.
D.	It identifies a tendency in Civil War scholarship that more recent scholarship has moved away from.
E.	It explains how ideological and political aspects of the Confederacy loyalist Southerners to reject the Confederate cause.
 
# Passage 23
In his recent book, Louis Gerteis argues that nineteenth-century Northern reformers in the United States attacked slavery in the South by invoking the values of a utilitarian political economy: proper public policy requires government to endorse anything that gives all people the opportunity to maximize their individual pleasure and their material gain. Social good, according to this thinking, is achieved when individuals are free to pursue their self-interests. Gerteis argues that, since slavery in the South precluded individual autonomy and the free pursuit of material gain, major Northern reformers opposed it as early as the 1830s.

In making this argument, Gerteis offers the most persuasive formulation to date of the Growth of a Dissenting Minority interpretation, which argues that a slow but steady evolution of a broad-based Northern antislavery coalition culminated in the presidential victory of the antislavery Lincoln in 1860. This interpretive framework, which once dominated antislavery historiography, had been
discounted by historians for two basic reasons. First, it tended to homogenize the political diversity of Northern reformers; Northern reformers differed significantly among themselves and belonged to diverse political parties. Second, it seemed incompatible with emerging scholarship on the slaveholding South, which held that Northern abolitionists of the 1830s did not succeed in mobilizing Northern public opinion and paving the way for Lincoln in 1860.
Instead, Southern slaveholders misconstrued abolitionist views of the 1830s as main- stream rather than marginal Northern public opinion, and castigated Northerners generally for opposing slavery. In this view, it was the castigation by Southerners that gradually caused widespread antislavery feeling throughout the North.

Gerteis revives the Growth interpretation by asserting that, rather than Southern attitudes, the unified commitment of Northern reformers to utilitarian values served to galvanize popular political support for abolitionism. However, unlike earlier proponents of the Growth interpretation, Gerteis does not reduce the Northern reformers to a homogeneous group or try to argue that the reformers shared views undermined their differing party loyalties. Members of the two major political parties still attacked each other for ideological differences.
Nevertheless, Gerteis argues, these disparate party affiliations did not diminish the actuality of reformer unity, most prominent in the 1830s. At this time, Northern reformers, such as William Lloyd Garrison and Samuel Chase, portrayed the framers of the United States Constitution as proponents of individual autonomy and capitalist values. This vision of the founders served as a basis for asserting that freedom was a national moral imperative, and that the United Sates Constitution was an antislavery document. Gerteis differs from traditional adherents of the Growth framework by asserting that the basic elements in the antislavery coalition were firmly in place and accepted by all elements in the Northern reform community as early as the late 1830s.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	criticizing adherents of a traditional view for overlooking important data
B.	reconciling two different explanations for the same phenomenon
C.	describing a reformulation of a traditional interpretation
D.	advocating a traditional approach to a controversial subject
E.	suggesting that a new interpretation is based on faulty assumptions

2.	The author would be most likely to agree with which of the following about Gerteis formulation of the Growth interpretation?
A.	It is too similar to the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
B.	It is of dubious validity and does not expand research on the antislavery movement.
C.	It is strongly supported by recent research on the nineteenth-century South.
D.	It is more convincing than the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
E.	It is seminal work that will be highly influential on future research.
 


3.	The passage supports which of the following statements about the Growth interpretation?
A.	It had been dismissed by earlier historians but has recently come to dominate antislavery historiography.
B.	It has recently received support from emerging scholarship on the nineteenth-century South.
C.	It was once very influential in antislavery historiography and has recently been reformulated.
D.	It has always been highly controversial and is still widely debated by historians.
E.	It has recently been discounted by emerging scholarship on utilitarian values in the nineteenth-century South.

4.	Which of the following, if true, would provide the LEAST support for Gerteis arguments as they are discussed in the passage?
A.	In the 1870s, following the abolition of slavery, many Northerners remained unified in their desire to see an effective free-labor system implemented in the South.
B.	As early as the 1830s, Northern abolitionists and Northern reformers with a commitment to utilitarian values began to agree that the United States Constitution was an important antislavery document.
C.	Many Northern reformers who disagreed about political policies argued that abolishing slavery should be a central goal of the United States government.
D.	As early as 1836, many Northern reformers argued that slavery destroyed individuals ability to pursue their self-interests and thwarted the free pursuit of material gain.
E.	Owing to their different party allegiances, Northern reformers who shared utilitarian values did not join together in important collective actions against slavery.

5.	The author of the passage mentions “emerging scholarship” most probably in order to
A.	describe an argument that has been advanced to challenge the “Growth” interpretation
B.	show how Gerteis has used recent research to support his formulation of the “Growth” interpretation
C.	explain how the “Growth” interpretation was originally developed
D.	discuss a theory about the nineteenth century North that is very similar to the ‘‘Growth’’ interpretation
E.	suggest that the “Growth” interpretation is no longer discussed among historians
 
# Passage 24
Historian E.H Carr’s thesis that all debates concerning the explanation of historical phenomena revolve around the question of the priority of causes is so familiar to historians as to constitute orthodoxy within their profession. The true historian, as Carr puts it, will feel a professional obligation to place the multiple causes of a historical event in a hierarchy by means of which the primary or ultimate cause of the event can be identified. In the Marxist mode of historical explanation (historical materialism), a universal hierarchy of causes is posited in which economic factors are always primary. In the classic, more widely accepted alternative ultimately derived from Weberian sociology, hierarchies of causes are treated as historically specific: explanatory primacy in any particular historical situation must be established by empirical investigation of that situation, not by applying a universal model of historical causation.

While the need to rank historical causes in some order of importance may seem obvious to most historians, such hierarchies raise serious philosophical difficulties. If any historical event is the product of a number of factors, then each of these factor is indispensable to the occurrence of the event. But how can one cause be more indispensable than another? And if it cannot, how can there be a hierarchy of indispensable causes? It was this problem that first led Weber himself to argue for the impossibility of any general formula specifying the relative importance of causes; we cannot, for example, conclude that in every capitalist society religious change has been more significant than economic change (or vice versa) in explaining the rise of capitalism.

Runciman offers a different argument leading to the same conclusion. He points out that it is possible to identify specific factors as the primary causes of a particular historical event only relative to an initial set of background conditions. For instance, if we accept English defeats after 1369 in the Hundred Years War as a given, then we may identify the high levels of taxation necessitated by these military reverses as the main cause of the Peasants Revolt of 1381. If instead we regard the financing of warfare by taxation in this period as a background condition, then we will see the English reverses themselves as the main cause of the revolt. However, neither ordinary life nor historical practice offer reliable criteria by which to distinguish causes from background conditions and thus to resolve historical debates about the relative importance of causes. And this difficulty casts doubt not only on the Marxist effort to identify a universal hierarchy of causes, but also on any attempt to identify an objective hierarchy of causes–even of the historically specific kind favored by non-Marxists.
1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to


A.	compare two prominent models of historical explanation
B.	undermine non-Marxist objections to the historical-materialist explanatory model of historical causation
C.	analyze ways in which the question of historical causation can be illuminated by Weberian sociology
D.	challenge an orthodox position concerning historical explanation
E.	argue that historical analysis should rely more on empirical investigation than on philosophical reflection

2.	According to the passage, most historians share the assumption that
A.	The most useful current model of historical causation is the historical-materialist model.
B.	Explaining a historical event requires ranking its causes by importance.
C.	The same hierarchy of causes underlies every historical event.
D.	Philosophical debates have limited utility for historical practice.
E.	Different causes of the same historical event sometimes have the same importance.
 


3.	In the second paragraph of the passage, the author uses the concept of an indispensable cause primarily in order to question which of the following claims?
A.	Generalizations about the origins of capitalist societies are defensible.
B.	The study of history is largely independent of philosophical concerns.
C.	A universal model of historical causation is indefensible.
D.	A historical event is caused by many factors.
E.	A hierarchy of the causes of a historical event can be determined.

4.	Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A.	An assumption is identified and called into question.
B.	Opposing views are compared, contrasted, and shown to be compatible.
C.	An argument is advanced, criticized, and then revised.
D.	A theory is shown to be superior to its chief rival.
E.	Similar arguments are shown to lead to different conclusions.
 
# Passage 25
Modern feminism has brought the reputation of the English writer Mary Wollstonecraft (1759-1797) to something approaching the luster it deserves. While she enjoyed a certain
celebrity among political radicals in the years just after her death, beginning in the nineteenth century her fame as a writer was hidden by disproportionate attention to her unconventional and, at the time, shocking personal life. When, therefore, Virginia Woolf wrote in 1925 of Wollstonecraft’s A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman that they felt like books so true that they seem now to contain nothing new in them, it was more a wishful than an accurate statement of the case. Wollstonecraft’s advances in moral thinking still have the power to shock position-takers of every party. The importance of gender even today is said to cut across other criteria for judging the conduct of men and women in society; Wollstonecraft, by contrast, believed that the shared morality of men and women should cut across all specifications of gender.

Wollstonecraft considered gender-based morality a relic of a barbarous age: part of that specialization of virtues by which every sexual feeling was expected to express itself as libertinism (in men) or false modesty (in women). In her view, there ought to be one criterion of morals for men and women alike, with both sexes cultivating the same virtues. Wollstonecraft rebelled against the copious sentimental literature of her own time, which she felt patronized women by insisting that it was to their advantage to affect chastity and modesty and that such virtues were their own reward.

In The Rights of Men, Wollstonecraft explores this double Bulosan standard from an unexpected angle. It was the first major response to Edmund Burke’s Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790), appearing less than a month after the impassioned defense of the deposed French monarchy. A defender of Burke called Wollstonecraft’s book an incoherent mass of treacherous candour, interested generosity, and, if not false, at least unnecessary accusation. But Wollstonecraft nonetheless managed to show how the traditionally feminine virtues of sentimental morality had been transferred by Burke to the aristocracy. Burke’s rhapsody on the queen of France (glittering like the morning star, full of life, and splendor, and joy) was, for Wollstonecraft, an example of the argument that beauty and instinct must often prevail over reason, the argument on which Burke took his stand as a defender of the old order. Like women, Burke thought, and from a similar greatness and delicacy in their nature, the aristocracy were understood at once to require deference and to solicit compassion. To Wollstonecraft, Burke’s argument linked sympathy and power in a dangerous alliance; she insisted that aristocrats do not deserve to be treated in the way that women have traditionally been treated any more than women themselves do.
1.	By quoting Burke’s defender in the highlighted phrase, the author of the passage most clearly succeeds in


A.	providing a context for the political turbulence that unseated the French monarchy
B.	emphasizing the way in which Wollstonecraft’s philosophy divided men and women
C.	explaining why Wollstonecraft’s work has won more acceptance in the twentieth century than in the nineteenth
D.	illustrating the nature of the appeal of Burkes argument
E.	demonstrating the degree of hostility aroused by Wollstonecraft’s work

2.	The author of the passage quotes Burke’s description of the queen of France most probably in order to
A.	provide a specific illustration of a position with which Wollstonecraft took issue
B.	provide a specific example of Burke’s already archaic prose style
C.	balance the quotation from Burkes anonymous defender
 

D.	provide evidence of why Burkes position was more widely accepted than Wollstonecraft’s
E.	provide an example of what Wollstonecraft perceived as Burke’s lack of political astuteness

3.	The passage suggests that which of the following is true concerning Virginia Woolf’s appraisal of A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman?
A.	Woolf was defending Wollstonecraft’s theories against attacks by nineteenth—century critics who concentrated only on Wollstonecraft’s notoriety.
B.	Woolf favored the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft and mistakenly assumed that they had become self-evident in the twentieth century.
C.	Woolf miscalculated the practical effects that the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft would have on society.
D.	Woolf decried the loss in the twentieth-century of social progress made in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
E.	Woolf was reacting against what she considered a lack of originality on Wollstonecraft’s part while calling for more sweeping changes than Wollstonecraft had proposed.

4.	The author of the passage suggests that modern feminism has treated the writings of Mary Wollstonecraft in which of the following ways?
A.	Modern feminism has emphasized the progressive aspects of Wollstonecraft’s writings, while separating her work from her personal reputation.
B.	Modern feminism has emphasized Wollstonecraft’s importance as a theorist, while deemphasizing her effect on the daily life of her times.
C.	Modern feminism has worked toward a synthesis of Wollstonecraft’s philosophical advances with those of her contemporaries.
D.	Modern feminism has embraced Wollstonecraft’s relative importance as a theorist, while rejecting certain elements of her theories of gender-based morality.
E.	Modern feminism has equated Wollstonecraft’s ideas about the popular sentimentalization of women with her view of monarchist systems of government.

# Passage 26
Cuts that need to be held closed in order to heal properly have generally been held closed with stitches. However, pressure to reduce medical costs is mounting. Consequently, it is likely that a newly developed adhesive will become the routine method of holding most types of cuts closed. The new adhesive holds most types of cuts closed as well as stitches do, and the cost of applying it is comparable to that of closing cuts with stitches. But whereas stitches must generally be removed by medical personnel after the cut has healed, the adhesive simply wears off. Thus, for any cut that the adhesive can hold closed as well as stitches can, it is more economical to use the adhesive.

In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A.	The first is a claim that the argument disputes; the second provides evidence against that disputed claim.
B.	The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is that main conclusion.
C.	The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is a conclusion that is drawn in order to support that main conclusion.
D.	The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction, the second is a conclusion based on that prediction.
E.	The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction; the second is an assessment that is used to support that prediction.

# Passage 27
Based on evidence from tree rings, pollen samples and other records, scientists have for a long time assumed that interglacials—warm interludes between ice ages—were as mild and uniform as the Holocene, the present interglacial, has been for all of its 8,000 to 10,000 years. But new research in Greenland has put this assumption into question.

Researchers on two teams, the Greenland Ice-Core Project (GRIP) and the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 (GISP2), have analyzed two different cylinders of ice, each about two miles in depth, pulled up from the Greenland ice sheet. Such ice cores trap gases, bits of dust, and other chemicals that were present in the snow that fell over Greenland for thousands of years and then became compressed into ice. By studying these components, scientists have obtained a detailed archive of many aspects of climate, including air temperatures, snowfall, and concentrations of greenhouses gases in the atmosphere.

Findings from the upper sections of the cores have confirmed what scientists already knew climate during the last ice age fluctuated rapidly. But scientists were astonished by findings from the lower sections of the GRIP core, which provided a close look at an interglacial period other than our own, the Eemian interglacial, a period that lasted from 135,000 to 115,000 years ago. Data from GRIP seem to indicate that the Eemian climate swung at least as wildly as the climate of ice age periods.

Researchers’ clues to the Eemian climate come from measurements of the ratios of two slightly different types of oxygen, isotopes oxygen-16 and oxygen-18, preserved in the GRIP core. These ratios register the fluctuations of air temperatures over the seasons and years. When the air was warm, vapor containing the heavier isotope, oxygen-18, condensed and formed precipitation, in the form of snow, more readily than did vapor containing oxygen-16. Thus, snow that fell during warmer periods contains proportionally more oxygen-18 than snow deposited during cold spells. Evidence of rapid climate shifts was also drawn from other sources, such as measurements of amounts of dust and calcium ions in the ice layers during cold periods: winds were strong, causing calcium-rich dust from loess deposits, which are composed of loose surface sediment, to blow across the ice sheet. Thus, differing amounts of dust in the layers also indicate changing climatic conditions.

However, finds from the lower section of GISP 2 do not confirm those of GRIP. The wild climate swings shown by GRIP in the last interglacial are not seen in the GISP2 core.
According to a GISP 2 scientist, the weight of flowing glacial ice above has stressed the lower sections of both cores. This may have deformed the lower ice, disrupting its annual layers and thereby causing the discrepancy between the records. Still, some climatologists believe GRIP’s record may be the more reliable of the two. It was drilled closer to a location called the ice divide, where stresses would have been lower, they say.

1.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	refuting certain scientific theories about Earth’s climatic history
B.	outlining new findings concerning Earth’s climate during ice ages
C.	discussing new research that may challenge a long-held scientific assumption about Earth’s climatic history
D.	describing the climatic changes that occurred when Earth moved from an ice age into an interglacial period
E.	reconciling conflicting evidence concerning climatic changes.
 

2.	Which of the following describes research that is most clearly analogous to the testing done by GRIP scientists?
A.	Scientists studying the formation of the Sahara desert measure the rate of topsoil erosion in the region
B.	Scientists seeking to determine the age of a particular fossil measure the percentage of its carbon atoms that have decayed
C.	Scientists researching vision in flies measure and compare the amounts of vitamin A found in the retinas of several fly species.
D.	Scientists investigating the development of life on Earth measure and compare the amount of oxygen used by various organisms along the evolutionary scale.
E.	Scientists plotting the fluctuations in rainfall in the early rain forests measure the presence of certain gases trapped in tree rings of older trees.

3.	According to the passage, which of the following is the most accurate statement of what scientists believed, prior to the GRIP findings, about Earth’s climate?
A.	Over the course of Earth’s history, interglacials have become progressively milder
B.	Earth’s overall climate has been generally mild since the planet’s formation
C.	During both interglacials and ice ages, Earth’s climate has fluctuated violently.
D.	During ice ages, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during interglacials it has been mild and stable.
E.	During interglacials, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during ice ages it has been uniformly cold and icy.

4.	The passage suggests that which of the following is most likely to have been true of the oxygen-16 and oxygen-18 isotopes found in the lower sections of the GRIP core?
A.	There was significantly more isotope oxygen-18 than isotope oxygen-16 in the ice layers.
B.	There was significantly more isotope oxygen-16 than isotope oxygen-18 in the ice layers.
C.	Ratios of isotopes oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 varied in the ice layers.
D.	Layers containing isotope oxygen-18 placed stress on the layers containing isotope oxygen-16, possibly distorting them.
E.	Isotope oxygen-16, being lighter, was located mainly in the upper layers, whereas oxygen-18 had settled into the lower layers.

# Passage 28
Early life insurers in the United States found themselves facing the problem of obtaining reliable information, as they needed to rely on applicants themselves to provide truthful, complete answers to a standard set of questions. In an attempt to personalize the relationship between insurers and their individual applicants, firms selected highly respected local citizens to act as their agents. These agents were expected to evaluate the appearance of candidates, unearth evidence of unhealthy family histories or questionable habits, and attest to the respectability of the people writing testimonial letters on an applicant's behalf. In short, the initial purpose of the agency system was not to actively solicit customers, but, rather, to recreate the glass-bowl mentality associated with small towns or city neighborhoods.
1.	The primary purpose of the passage is to


A.	explain the original function of life insurance agents
B.	evaluate the effectiveness of early life insurance agents
C.	describe how life insurance was first introduced
D.	illustrate how the life insurance agency system changed over time
E.	compare the strategies used by life insurance in cities and in small towns

2.	The author suggests which of the following about “city neighborhoods”?
A.	They were places where family histories were difficult to establish.
B.	They were places where unhealthy behaviors had been successfully addressed.
C.	They were locations that were well suited for recruiting insurance agents.
D.	They offered a high degree of transparency about a resident's personal history and character.
E.	They offered potentially fruitful markets for the life insurance industry.

# Passage 29
For years, the leading theory for what caused the Younger Dryas (a dramatic reversal, about 12,900 years ago, in a global warming trend) was a release of water from Glacial Lake Agassiz. The theory posited that this meltwater flooded into the North Atlantic, lowering the salinity and intensity of surface waters enough to prevent them from sinking. Ocean currents were changed in such a way that northward transport of heat in the ocean diminished, and the North Atlantic regions plunged back into near-glacial conditions. However, evidence has emerged that the Younger Dryas began long before freshwater flooded the North Atlantic.
Additionally, the temperature changes induced by a shutdown in the North Atlantic heat conveyor system are too small to explain the Younger Dryas.

1.	The author of the passage implies which of the following about the release of water from glacial Lake Agassiz?
A.	The notion that the release occurred has been challenged by more recent findings.
B.	The release probably occurred much earlier than scientists have generally assumed.
C.	The release would not have been sufficient to cause any temperature change in the North Atlantic.
D.	The timing of the release is such that it probably did not trigger the onset of the Younger Dryas. E. The release was probably unrelated to the global warming trend that was taking place.

2.	The passage is primarily concerned with
A.	presenting evidence that undermines an explanation
B.	explaining the nature of a climatological phenomenon
C.	questioning the timing of a particular event
D.	discussing a new explanation for a phenomenon
E.	suggesting revisions to a popular theory

# Passage 30
One reason researchers have long believed that Mars never enjoyed an extensive period of warm and wet climate is that much of the surface not covered by wind-borne dust appear to be composed of unweathered material. If water flowed for an extended period, researchers reasoned, it should have altered and weathered the volcanic minerals, creating clays or other oxidized, hydrated phases (minerals that incorporate water molecules in their crystal structure) .

It turns out, though, that the scientists were not looking closely enough. New high-resolution mapping data and close-up surface studies have revealed clays and other hydrated minerals in many regions. The clay deposits are scattered all over, in ancient volcanic surfaces and heavily cratered highland regions, some of which have apparently been exposed by erosion only recently.

1.	According to the passage, scientists are able to discover weathered material on the Martian surface because they have benefited from which of the following?
A.	a new method to analyze volcanic craters created on the Martian surface.
B.	an improved ability to detect hydrated materials on the Martian surface
C.	a more sophisticated understanding of the effect of wind-borne dust on the Martian surface
D.	a decision to look for water primarily in heavily cratered highland regions.
E.	a better understanding of how erosion might affect clay deposits.

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2.	It can be inferred from the passage that the author would agree with which of the following statements regarding the reasoning discussed in the highlighted sentence?
A.	It provides the basis for an explanation of why water on Mars has been difficult to find until recently.
B.	It correctly identifies a consequence of water flowing on the Martian surface.
C.	It depends on a false assumption about how water and volcanic materials interact on Mars.
